
### Fireworks
The guests of [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] are watching him perform a fireworks display in the gardens perfectly choreographed to beautiful music conducted by [[Eldrin Vale]].
Shortly after the party sees a play performed by a halfling troop.  For once the tone is "serious performers performing a serious play".  The audience is enraptured as they perform a classic piece from Glorian history.

### Girl dance party
- [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] (after a few drinks) performs a traditional dance (and she does it with a stunning amount of grace and skill!)
	- [[Caritas Zespire]] looks to see her daughter's reaction and notices that [[Sepsinia Crabbe]] is not in the crowd.
	- [[Allister Hound]] *performance check:: critical success:* 
		- he hypes up the crowd
		- gives an impassioned speech that includes some insights towards the differences between [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] and [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] (leaning towards Eutropia)
	- [[Tirri-Kastner]] makes a performance check (big success!)
		- [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] and [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]] are enthralled at her performance.

### Social checks
-  [[Arturo Basri]] speaks with [[Dame Carodd Hellebore]] 
		- she's unfriendly in her responses .. Arturo negs her and then just walks away.
		- She moves from `unfriendly` to `indifferent`.
- [[Allister Hound]] speaks with [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]]
		- **rolls a really great diplomacy check**
		- the count was nervous about hosting this first tanniger jamboree
		- Allister can "twist" all kinds of things ... (the count laughs)
		- the count mentions that he had heard rumors of the manticore, but hadn't taken them seriously. He expresses some shame / disappointment over the mistake
		- Bartleby invites [[Allister Hound]] to visit the [[The Palace of Birdsong]] any time he wishes, allister says that he'll be making sure that Bartleby is here
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] speaks with [[Archbanker Lady Paril]] who is dressed with "Fox" motifs
	- Z inquires about [[Sepsinia Crabbe]]
		- "Its just awful what happened to her!"
		- [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] had arranged a wonderful match for her, but her fiance  killed himself ([[Opilio]]).
			- curiously, [[Sepsinia Crabbe]] seemed to take it all in stride for a time, but now [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] has confided in her that she seems to be depressed now.  She is withdrawn, she stopped painting, and where she was once lively like [[Selly Okerra]], now she is depressed.
- [[Caritas Zespire]] speaks with [[Eldrin Vale]]
	-  [[Caritas Zespire]] expresses a moment of genuine vulnerability and it resonates with Vale.
	- Vale lets his guard down just a smidge and they get to know each other a little
	- C extends an invitation to E to consider performing in Stackies at some point
	- C asks if V will meet [[Allista Cragus aka Purple Finch]] as a personal favor to him.
		- V agrees in exchange for a favor in kind and the two shake on it.
- [[Eldrin Vale]] on his way back from is break
	- he speaks with [[Tirri-Kastner]].
		- they trade polite barbs
		- TK slips in a particularly nasty barb about how he is "paid to be there" and it is SAVAGE.
-  [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] speaks with [[Tirri-Kastner]]
	- Voinum enjoyed TK's performance
	- Voinum voices some insights into TK's religious views / worship that TK finds valuable
	- TK succeeds on an influence check, it doesn't raise her current attitude towards the party,  but its another big success on the road to that.

### "The dance of the Phalanx"
[[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] shouts
> The ballroom has been invaded, we must rush to its defense!

Our party teams up with NPCs into the following dance teams:
- [[Arturo Basri]] & [[Dame Carodd Hellebore]]
- [[Tirri-Kastner]] & [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]]
- [[Allister Hound]] & [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]]
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] & [[Onora Piscum]]
- [[Caritas Zespire]] & [[Archbanker Lady Paril]]
- there are other npc couples as well.  Okerra and Voinum for example teamed up as an incredibly effective team

#### Let the dance fight begin!
Each round of the dance is like a game of chess, where the dance partners attempt to out maneuver their opponents.

--- 
The entire party makes it through round one

---

[[Archbanker Lady Paril]] and [[Caritas Zespire]] are knocked out (failed dc roll by a lot)

---
[[Zarissa Nocturne]] & [[Onora Piscum]] are boxed out (failed dc check by a little)

---
remaining party members make it through the round

---

[[Tirri-Kastner]] & [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] are forced off the dance floor, who laugh and promptly lock arms as they skip off stage in search of more wine!

---

The final two teams:  [[Arturo Basri]] & [[Dame Carodd Hellebore]] and [[Allister Hound]] & [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] end up in a stalemate and both are declared victorious.


---

### Current NPC attitudes towards the party 

[[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] - `Helpful` (was friendly but [[Allister Hound]] bumps it up to Helpful in the following social round)
[[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]] - `friendly`
[[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] - `helpful`
[[Baroness Adella Voinum]] - `indifferent`
[[Onora Piscum]] - `helpful`
[[Titus Casava-Lotheed]]  (the arsehole) - `hostile`
[[Dame Carodd Hellebore]] - `indifferent`
Cocklebur the rude - `unfriendly`
[[Ser Gul Guisarne aka evil legolas]] - `indifferent`
[[Archbanker Lady Paril]] - `indifferent`

---

### The final social round of the party

- [[Arturo Basri]] speaks with [[Baroness Adella Voinum]]
	- result:  she's still pretty mean and our party hasn't figured her out
- [[Archbanker Lady Paril]] speaks with [[Tirri-Kastner]] & [[Caritas Zespire]]
	- invites Caritas to come visit the cathedral of the wealthy father
	- "Tax Fest" is apparently a holiday relevant to the faith
	- Caritas commits to write to his father about sending her wine
		- **Nick rolled a nat 1** - The archbanker assumes this is just "noble talk" and no wine is ever going to make it to her
- [[Allister Hound]] and [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]]
	- they discuss arcane magic, [[Allister Hound]] demonstrates summoning his arcane hound
	- A: asks the count about how his magic works (gets him talking about his favorite subject)
		- the count discusses how his magic is based on arcane intention, and perhaps A's magic is more 'spiritual' (A refers to it briefly as "vibes")
		- A: doesn't really understand how he casts magic
		- [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] talks about his family's arcane lineage
		- A: "I'm sure you're a better mage than your father."
			- [[Allister Hound]] perceives a flush of pride come over [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]], and he KNOWS that this one comment has been the singular moment for him this weekend.
		- A invokes his gladhand feat.


---

### The evening wraps up
- [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] says she's going to have invites made up for very very soon! (within two weeks i think)
- [[Allista Cragus aka Purple Finch]]
	- [[Caritas Zespire]] gives her a letter of introduction to [[Eldrin Vale]]
- "The palace of birdsong is so beautiful, isn't it odd that [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] was trying so hard to find a different venue" 

---
### Later that evening...

[[Allister Hound]] - sleeping soundly in his bed ... 
- He awakes with a hand cupped over his mouth to prevent him from speaking
- "its been so long since i've felt the touch of a man..."
- Its Bartleby's Aunt who has secretly climbed into bed with him!!!!
- I felt such a connection when we danced
- ** she thrusts her hand under his clothing and grabs his manhood **
- Allister opens his mouth to speak and she thrusts her tongue down his throat
- **panic**
- There is a knock at the door and they are interrupted
- "I must go so that we're not discovered but I'll return later!"
- She walks to a nearby tapestry, approaches the wall, does some magical stuff and ... is just gone.  (Whatever she did wasn't seen in the confusion.. it was magical in nature ... we think)


