### The Aftermath
The warehouse burns in the background as the PCs walk away without looking back.
- martella, zarissa, and allister leave together in a carraige and head toward [I believe it was a horse themed inn?]
- during the ride over zarissa hands martella the wooden box of eutropia's heirlooms and posessions, informing her that the party had taken them for safe keeping and that she wanted to make sure the princess got them back
- zarissa mentions the gem issues to martella - specifically about how [[Grand Duke Borund Heskillar]] being blacklisted from purchasing any to resurrect the grand dutchess
- martella looks at zarissa with compassion and makes an airy comment about how ... if the crown inside were to go missing and the duke were to somehow find the gems he required to ressurect his wife ... she could easily forget that she ever saw this box.  It would simply be assumed lost in the fire.
- zarissa with a pained expression says that she would never steal from the princess, and that she needs to do this properly
- martella says she will make sure zarissa has an opportunity to ask
- the carriage arrives and martella departs
- Allister invites zarissa to stay with him tonight and they head to "The Clement's Quarters in Town"

---

### The Clement's Quarters

-  The Clement family are there visiting as well.  [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] has the servant's set [[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] up with a guest room, and has the servants draw baths for each in their rooms.
- Allister requests some charcutery.  The house servant [Gerald Lastnameson] says that its short notice, but they will do what they can.  A short time later the two are served a variety of fancified crackers with various flavorings and sauces.
- Allister has a heart to heart with Zarissa and expresses feelings of abandonment by Eutropia.
- As the evening winds down there is a squeak as a window pane opens. The two look up and see Primrose has just lifted the window grate.  Prim stares at the two of them and then happily jumps out the window.  note:  At this point Allister and Zarissa were about 5-6 stories up, so that joyous belly flop of delight would not have been ... gentle.

---

### Bad times at Basri's
Camera cuts to a townhouse where Arturo is walking up to the front door.  
- As he approaches the handle turns and the door opens to reveal [Tia lani] his [Uncle?'s] wife.
- She has long ash blond hair which is going gray and her clothing is several years out of season.  They just arrived at the house the other day and are in the process of taking over.
- Her tone is angry, but her words are pleasent.
- Valentina is now the controller of the Basri estate, NOT Arturo's family who are now homeless.
- She mentions how good it is to see him, that his family just teleported in and that it was good that it was such a short and gentle trip because otherwise it would have been rude to kick them out of their own house. Which she just did earlier.  They are probably staying at the Basillica of the last man ... afterall, isn't Father Basri known for taking in the homeless?
- Arturo, showing excellent control and political shrewdness, remains pleasent, cheerful, and congratulates her family's elevation. ^286ed4

---

### Basillica of the Last Man
Arturo heads to the cathedral which is located nearby ...
- note: Father Basri is a reminaing cleric of [Aerodan], once a cathedral, now more of a museum
- Arturo arrives and knocks, door swings open and Arturo stands there "Arturo!"
- a little girl launches herself into Arturo's gut.  Suuuuper cute family time with Arturo and his little sister Lola
- Lola is told to go get ready for bed.  "Its like a big sleepover!"
- Family drama over premogeniture.  References to some family secrets are carefully made
- Did you see Valentina?  Did you meet her betrothed?  He's ... quite memorable....

> There's no problem that's too big to solve - Arturo's father

---
### Tirri Arrives home
As Tirri arrives home ...
- Servant takes her cloak as she arrives and tells her that her mother is waiting for her in the other room.  Also points to a long slender box with her name on it.
- "Hope this gift finds you alive, (in a good way) - ~~jr~~ ~~senator~~ [[Senator-Amadorian-Dou]]"
- A long slender white staff with a gold cross on top.  (a staff of healing) looks like a pretty big gift!
- Footman leads her to her mother who is having tea with [[Wanderer Gayland Thorn]]. 
- Mother is cold and standoffish and judgemental.  (is holding a copy of the wilted rose). She's FURIOUS that Tirri has shamed her family.  Her husband is out on the [Mendesian Crusade] (against demons).  The optics look _reallly bad_.  
- If a copy of this makes it up north (holding the paper) your husband will be humiliated.  Her mother is scathing over how fucked Tirri's public image is over this. 
- Her mother critiques her parenting choices.  
- We are not the Merosetts .... or the Clemonts!  We are the Kastners!
- [[Wanderer Gayland Thorn]] You good? She should not have talked to you that way.  You look like you've had a time of it in the last few days.  We should talk more in the light.  Sleep child we will speak more tomorrow.  She heads off to the carriage house.
---
### The House of Honey
In Glorian houses of negotiable affection are chapels to the god [Calistria], a diety who is often depicted with wasp iconography.

- carved wooden wall depicting calistria in extasy, on the reverse side are wasp nests, holes between allow the wasps to come and go (usually through ... interesting places in the carved artwork)
- priest walks up Carit and books his usual room
- has a bath drawn up, begins to doth his armor.  When there is a knock on the door.  A young man, with short cropped white blond hair, white vibrant eyes, and a black suit featuring red detailing is at the door.
- Eldrin enters and asks if he can do for the young gentleman.  Caritas weary and exhausted mumbles that he needs a bath.  Eldrin removers his coat revealing a black shirt laced up shirt pushes up his sleeves and gets to work.
- Eldrin asks some pointed questions as Carit relaxes in the bath and E begins rubbing his neck asking some pointed questions about Tirri. 
	- Carit mumbles a few comments about Tirri and a Merrosett at the senate building ...

- Carit wakes up when the water goes cold.  Elldrin is still there patiently waiting on him.
- The two embrace and the camera fades to black
- Some time later there is a knock on the door - "excuse me ... [Lord Vale] are you in there?"  
- Eldrin puts on his clothing and finally introduces himself properly as the Lord Eldrin Vale Castner.
- As Caritas politely escorts Eldrin out of his room to the waiting servant.  Caritas's head hits the door as he realizes that this is Tirri's Cousin.

---
### Meanwhile at the Merrosetts

- family is teleporting all over the place trying to control the narrative
- lens is feinting on the feintint couch
- AGAIN!?   YES AGAIN!  I FEEL LIKE SHIT!  
- Have you ever killed a man lense?  WAIT WAT!?  You killed someone!?  WHERE are the bodies!?!   The Teeth?  Did you touch any of them!?!  We have to make sure they can't pin it on you!   IT was ASSASINS!  like the exhaltation day!  GET ME A DRINK!  Get your own drink!  I KILLED A MAN TODAY!   GET YOUR OWN DRINK!  Everyone tries to boss around the bastard! 🎵. 
- Another family member walks in, (Verlin) are you OK? I KILLED A MAN!  YOU KILLED A MAN!?  DID YOU TOUCH HIS TEETH!?  THAT'S WHAT I ASKED!!!!
- Rhen begins to recount everything that happened that evening...
- You poor man .. I want to hug you ... or hold your hand or something ... but you're dirty.  *a thoughtful pause* ... ok, I'm sending you good vibes... from over here.
- I think I also got the Vicecountess (Tirri) in trouble.  OH MY GOD!?!  Did you fuck the countess?!  No no.. she was with [[Senator-Amadorian-Dou]] .. SHE WAS FUCKING THE SENATOR!?!  .. No no, he was in there with her and [[Dame Trant]]... 
- The merrosets will be lobbying behind the [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]], and mother's side will be lobbying for [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]]
- Rhen is clearly shook over killing someone
- Lens reminds Rhen that his family is here for him as well, he doesn't have to keep striking out with just his friends.
- Rhen heads off to take a bath.
- This part of the fam is really tight.  The three eventually all crowd into Rhenquists bed to sleep.

---

### Brunch at the Castner Estate
Fit CHECK! - how is everyone dressed today?
- Zarissa - ends up with a fully tailord looking outfit with embroidered roses that Allister pulls almost magically from a hidden closet in his room.
- Caritas - military-istic looking outfit .. you weirdly hear some odd metallic sounds in the area where he is walking, but think nothign of it.
- Rhenquist is looking "charitable"
- Tirri is wearing a pretty dress fit for a fine noble brunch
- Arturo - looks like he's wearing an outfit similar to what he was wearing last night
- Allister is wearing a brilliantly cut and tailored suit with matching embroidered roses similar to what zarissa is wearing.  someone makes a comment that they love it when couples dress alike.
- Everyone recounts what they did last night and discover that:
	- Caritas "met" Eldrin (Tirri's cousin - from chellish side) at a meadery.  This cousin is known for having finnesed his way through exchange studies.   The inner city Kasters are known for a feudin with the outer Kastners.  
	- Wait, Caritas slept with Eldrin !!!?!?? 
	- Lucian and Allister broke up
	- "The secret bastard handshake" is mentioned
	- several serious conversations about politics
	- Lense slept with *gasp* Lucian ! Allister claim's he's fine with it... *doubt*
	- Rhenquist shares that he belives his uncle is planning on seceeding from glorian and taking the gemstone mines with them.
	- Zarissa shares the Duke Heskillar gemstone problem
- Footmen arrive at the door:  Another guest has arrived.
- Its Martella, still a mess of carved lines and fresh scarring, and next to her is Princess Eutropia and an enormous bull mastiff the size of a great dane. Her bodyguard (the dog) is named Taldogus.
---
### Eutropia Gives a Team Update

- she received a letter this morning from the brotherhood of silence, letting me know they are available for hire and that they appologized for the actions of a rogue faction.
- Ear Vernacant was not counted among the dead
- Okerra is about to leave for home soon
- 78 senators slain 278 family members and aids slain...
- attackers were mercs and killers from various places
- [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] is still in the city but is going to his stronghold in zimar.  [Kaderans] are amassing near the border, and rumers are that they are going to attack there.
- 11 major claims for the throne have been made by various nobles claiming relations to the family line.  High strategos and Eutropia are the primary claims.
- next few weeks / months will be about discouraging and squashing claiments
- war council soon - [[Count Orlundo Zespire]] is her military advisor
- we expect the other nations to stay out of this (at least publicly) except for Kadira which is a constant threat.  Their leader is anxious to prove their might.  Thankfully the Padishah Emperor keeps him on a tight leash.
- There are also the Elves and we worry they are going to deal with HS  They wish for allies against the [demon lord tree razer].  He wants to consume their nation.
- domestic issues as well ... namely ... Merosetts.
- HS vs Eutropia  is the big matchup
- autumn and the harvest is upon us, and HS would not want to march through the winter and the cold.  He also does not know our strength. He is a true tactitan and will not make a move w/out data.
- caritas rushes in and gives eutropia a big hug and whispers in her ear: "I saw the wine in your warehouse, I know what you did for my family, we can never repay you", she smirks and said that it was her pleasure to serve that wine to people she didn't like at court dinners.  Before they part Caritas asks her to give him a slap ... because he has a reputation to maintain.  She declines.
- zarissa informs the princess that she retrieved her mother's tierra / crown.
	- Eutropia recounts the memory of her mother:
	- Eutropia's mother died giving birth to carrius
	- all that she had of her mother was that tierra
	- she thinks her mother would want that crown put to good use
	
- The princess asks two small favors from Zarissa.  
	- deliver the crown to the duke
	- return the crown's setting to her
- The princess asks for an aside with Allister for a moment.  
	- (they take a quick walk around the garden)
	- I need your help.  Help me write the speech!  Please!  Tonight?  Come to my TownHouse!  yyyyup.... we're ... bas...ic...ally .... neighbors ... 
	- She reads him like a book, and gives him a little ego boost.
	- Allister:  I think we're fucked.  Princess:  Yes... I think we are.
- She says goodbye to Lord Rhenquist
	- There is an awkward goodbye with obvious emotional / sexual tension
	- She says Martella said he was very valiant

- The party can reach Martella at the Silent Horse
- Caritas asks about his Uncle's whereabouts and safety.  The princess says he is staying at the Preening Peacock and that he is quite well.  Says he asked about Caritas too, but in a smug "he's probably getting into trouble" sort of way.
