### Arturo's no good very bad day...

 [[Arturo Basri]]'s body is lifted magically up onto the table and a hooded figure stands over his body and begins to carve something into his face with a knife

**blood curdling scream*, the symbol of a dagger carved onto the center of his face.  [[Arturo Basri]] see's that there is a face inside the hood, but its like his mind can't focus on it.  

The carving on his face fades away magically.  [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] recognizes the symbol.  Its the symbol of [[Theymere Gixx]] and [[Arturo Basri]] is now cursed.  

[[Arturo Basri]] is a bit loopy (understandably so)

[[Tirri-Kastner]] spends a few rounds casting detect magic to see if she can spot anyone (nope).

---
#### we exit that room, and head around a corner.  spot two people at the end of the hallway talking.  The party rolls initiative

| [[Tirri-Kastner]] | 28  |
| ----------------------- | --- |
| [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]  | 28  |
| [[Arturo Basri]]        | 27  |
| Green                   | 26  |
| [[Caritas Zespire]]     | 21  |
| [[Zarissa Nocturne]]    | 21  |
| Blue                    | 20  |
| [[Allister Hound]]      | 17  |
| Red                     | 9   |

[[Tirri-Kastner]]: 
- `pf2:3` *inner radience torrent*
- Tirri introduces a scorched earth policy as roman candles burst them
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- Rhen fires his crossbow
[[Arturo Basri]]
- devizes a strat - (the brotherhood of silence cultist members, they have a reaction - suddenshift and can essentially mistystep)see's the one eyed mask 'nordibur'
- strides,
- yells - "These are cultists of Nordibur!  they are gonna be shifty strikers and hard to hit."
Green: 
- slashes out with a shortsword
- presses palm to [[Tirri-Kastner]]'s face and casts harm
[[Caritas Zespire]]
- walks to the door, and swings twice on Green
[[Zarissa Nocturne]]
- *( crits on green)*  `pf2:2` Needle Darts!
- _commands_ Perry 🦡 who takes cover behind Green body and takes cover (+1)
Blueboi
- dazes [[Tirri-Kastner]]
[[Allister Hound]]
- courageous anthem - > I don't remember the last 30 minutes, but i hope we're doing well!
- soothes the peoples
Red:
- casts fear on [[Tirri-Kastner]] who is totally wrapped up in the moment with this performance and doesn't even notice this
---

[[Tirri-Kastner]]: 
- sustains her spell and totally obliterates little red riding hood and begins to glow
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]]:
- are the resistant to anything?  They don't appear to be.
- fires crossbow 
[[Arturo Basri]]
- strides, shields, yells at the last remaining baddie 
~~Green: 
[[Caritas Zespire]]
- runs up and swings sword on last remaining baddy ()
[[Zarissa Nocturne]]
- strides, strides, commands 🦡
Blueboi
- casts a fear spell on carit who is all ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
[[Allister Hound]]
- courageous anthem 
~~Red~
---
[[Tirri-Kastner]]: 
- runs into a side room to catch her breathe
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]]:
- "somebody call an ambulance ... but not for me"
- runs down the hall, slips past carit, and attempts to shoot blue, but misses
[[Arturo Basri]]
- holds an action
[[Caritas Zespire]]
- swings ( crits!! )
[[Zarissa Nocturne]]
Blueboi
- gets knocked unconcious
[[Allister Hound]] - n/a

---

#### Party walks down the hallway back through the room with the spoiled food and the fantionet.

---
#### The party walks into an elaborate bedroom
tasteful art, perfume bottles, a tin of cream, a small on the desk is a variety of small springs and tools alongside pages of sketches and designs.  Inside a number of fine headwraps and fine kellish fashions.

**Things of note**
- scattered gears and springs across the desk are in a number of what appear to be incomplete designs.  A half made brass chatterbox and a schematic, which appear to be worth money.  
- There is a sack on the desk which is open.
- small vase next to the desk with a sprig of rosebud in it which light up with magic to [[Tirri-Kastner]]
- magic is also coming from the closet

[[Allister Hound]] smells the perfume and recognizes her smell

[[Tirri-Kastner]] is trying to elaborately open the closet door safely so [[Caritas Zespire]]volunteers to open it for her.  He opens the door and there is a moment where everyone sorta flinches.  There is a magical alabaster mask.

[[Allister Hound]] puts it on, and it appears to have an effect where it "pulls" our attention when we're not looking.

[[Caritas Zespire]] reaches for the magic sack, but in the process brushes against one of the half created engineering marvels which sets off a rube goldberg device which culminates in a green gas being released from a vial]

#### The party takes a few minutes to identify some magic items
- the first item that i forgot to write down
- the magic mask (which we failed to identify)
- captivating rosebud
- a bag of holding 1bulk

#### The party also finds 250sp worth of springs and valves on the desk

The party gets stupid and poisoned.

#### The party enters a large chamber with three stuffed dummys
One is wearing a waistcoat with tiny silver bells.  
[[Tirri-Kastner]] detects some magic coming off an almost needle like object that appears to have some red blood like substance that sorta pools on the tip but never seems to evaporate or spill out.

#### The party discovers a magical item
- [[the bloodseeker beak]]

[[Arturo Basri]] finally gets a ping in response to his message spell that he's been broadcasting to [[Martella-Lotheed]].  Its a loud scream coming from a passage forward of the party.

The party enters the passage.

[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] stops [[Caritas Zespire]] from stepping into a trip wire and the party moves past it.   The wire looks like it runs up to a door down the passage like a bell you would see on the shop door

#### The party heads through the door
The room opens up into a wide cavern, in the center of which is [[Martella-Lotheed]] who is manicled in place.  hand crushed, knee broken, skin has been cut on, she's gagged, but we see blood and saliva leaking from around it.  Standing "over" her is [[Wisilca the fabulous]] holding a knife and a bottle of poison.  

> Lets see what this one does .. *she dips the knife into the poison and cuts into [[Martella-Lotheed]]* who screams and passes out.  

W: beckons and four others appear from the shadows and cast enough healing on her to bring her back to consciousness.

W continues to monologue and threaten [[Martella-Lotheed]] ...



