
Various members of the crowd draw their swords and begin to respond to the assassination attempt on [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]]. 

lady marthane is being fanned right now.

[[Tirri-Kastner]] casts detect magic and the world lights up as everyone in the crowd goes nuclear with protective spells / detection spells etc in response.
- Tirri notices that Okerra's sword is canonically non magical

[[Allister Hound]] notices sepsinia and her mother looking around but appear unhurt.

[[Eldrin Vale]] seems calm and steady --- on guard, but steady.

[[Arturo Basri]] finds himself with a crossbow in his face held by GG.
	- Arturo and GG go off on each other throwing blame
	- [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] asks how this happened
	- Arturo asks if Bartleby would like him to investigate.
	- Arturo asks Bartleby to his room later tonight... to .... talk
	- Begins to "investigate"
		- over 40+ guests at this party, many who are wearing masks
		- possible that it was one of them but it might have been someone not on the guest list, might have been a servant, etc etc etc.  Many many people,  lots of motives.

The guards begin to gather evidence.

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] reads the guards lips. Notices that Bartleby blames this on "The NightSwan".
[[Zarissa Nocturne]] speaks with Onora Piscum (Honorary Tribune)
- "Thankfully no one got hurt".. "uhh.. yeah, sure."
- "Bartleby aint his daddy"
- "They say a threatening letter from the nightswan was found in Sely's wardrobe.... terrorizing a young girl like that doesn't sit right with me"
- Onora Piscum really fucking hates [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]].

Arturo invites the party to his bedroom tonight.  [[Tirri-Kastner]] adamantly refuses.


**Clinks his signet ring against a glass** Well, i think its clear that my speech was going a little long, and clearly we need to move things along.   Count bartleby gives a brief speech and closes out this event.


Zarissa tells the group to meet at a secret location later tonight

Caritas speaks with Eldrin Vale.  He's mean and standoffish ... again.

---

### The ballroom

This place brings back a lot of memories.  The ballroom has been setup as a dining room.
Okerra's table is set up as the victory table.  Bartleby has a table, with people on the right and left etc etc.

A table arranged with peacock themed stuff... etc.  

The Rhenquist table is Truco victory themed.  Carit makes a toast to our great victor of the truco trials: Rhenquist Merrosette.  

[[Earl Yander Merkondus]] swaps his place card with [[Selly Okerra]], the Baron's daughter so that she can sit next to her father.

[[Arturo Basri]] attempts to speak about her daughter's problem, but gets shut down

[[Allister Hound]] speaks with [[Lady Lucretzia Marthane]]
- they make smalltalk
- she fainted
- "The moment I smell a nut i just go feral"

Caritas speaks with [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]] re the assasination attempt
- confirms that the knight swan is a woman
- "cunning", disguises etc

[[Allister Hound]] speaks with [[Onora Piscum]]
- A mentions he didn't know he was even related until about a month ago
- he and [[Zarissa Nocturne]] try to make a good impression on her.
- "You've got your work cut out for you in Stackies, but i'm happy to continuing my work as sherif there."
- She mentions that Bartleby is going to demand that Baron Okerra stop his deliveries of catfish to Stackies in favor his his county instead.  The people of stackies depend on those fish for their survival.


### The gong rings and announces that dinner is about to be served in the ballroom
Servants dressed as sheep enter the ballroom with serving plates.
Dame Crab cheers and golf claps.
[[Arturo Basri]] looks around to see everyone's reaction to this display.  
- Selly Okerra is fucking psyched about the sheep servers
- Okerra is nonplussed
- Bartleby is very pleased with himself over this display
- Baroness Voinan is repulsed by this display
- The sheep place our first course and then prance away

Titas passes by our table.
"purple finch, purple finch!", "I don't think the responsibilities are too difficult to achive... would you?"... "well... is it your primary objective to see to the wellfare of your group of guests?" "Then why did you fail to give them access to washing facilities etc for dinner"... mentions he will speak to GG about it.  

The party responds:
- [[Arturo Basri]] throws some shade in response
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] :  "how fucking dare you"
- Picsum and Voina take note, and we gain some favor with them
- Rhenquist is distracted
- Titas rolls his eyes after he walks past our table.  And tells Okerra "That is the most boring man alive"

Rhenquist speaks with Archbanker Lady Peril
- she remembers the little boy Rhenquist with a broken nose from 20 years ago that she fixed at the palace of birdsong
- asks what has brought him to stackies
- They make small talk
- "If you've been to Lothidar, then you've already seen the best that Morat has to offer."
  She clearly doesn't think much of Morat County.
- They chat about the old winery that used to be here, but now most of the business done in morat county is agriculture based
- Okerra's barony is fish based
- Voin's is wine and vinegar
- Tellus Barony ...  He used to be an outgoing and gregarious man but several years ago he suddenly became quite reclusive.  No one has seen him in years.  In his absense, his barony has fallen into disrepair. Though somehow they still pay their taxes.
- Lots of unpleasent rumors coming out of Tellus and about The Baron himself.  As far as she's aware he's only locked himself in his castle.  Though the locals talk about fantastic things like monsters and vampires. (Jambis Barony)
- She's a gossip.
- Moost is probably the most profitable barony.  Under Dame Crabbe's rule.  Respectable.  Ever since her husband passed away she seems to be in mourning.  Her daughter is in her third social season.  She seems to be laser focused on getting her married off.

Arturo speaks with Dame Carod Hellebore
- remarks on her Andoran Hat
- They have been living in the palace of birdsong for the last several months
- Titas, Sirus, and Dame Carod have known each other since school
- DC is a mean girl
- 

Tirri speaks with Dame Crabbe, they talk about their kids.
- Tirri can't remember her children's names (kidding, Shannon didn't remember)
- talks about Crabbe's conservatory

Caritas tries to gode titus into a duel ... unsuccessfully 

Allister speaks to pirate hat girl.. Hellebore.
- she spills the tea on Titus's clothing.  He has magical thread that makes his muscles look bigger.
- she went to school with Titus and Sirus

Tirri speaks with [[Baroness Adella Voinum]]
- which was your favorite part?  The assasination or the people dressed like sheep?
- Not everyone with a Title should be in charge of something.
- She disparages Allister a bit.  Says she thought he would be made of sterner stuff
- "Bring the right weapon and be smart"


Caritas speaks with Baron Okerra and attempts to influence him.  It fails
- "his horse is named boat ... because its the only one he'll get on"

Arturo speaks to boobs mc'wigg
- boobwig spoons some of arturo's dessert with her finger and sexily sucks it clean
- she says she will visit his room this evening .... inconvenient ... because now arturo is double ... triple booked?

### Gong sounds.  Its time for the entertainment...


