_Location: [[The Palace of Birdsong]]_

murals, portraits
- noticeable cheekbones (stavian line) all grand princes
- expensive atmosphere, carved columns featuring members of the stavian line
- Four Gods are pictured , with a map of the glorian empire ... its as if those gods are holding up the empire
- party is led up to their rooms
- [[Provenance]] speaks:  
	- it thinks it remembers being here.  "I think this is where [[Madeira Zespire]] got sick... "
- [[Arturo Basri]] finds a necklace that belonged to his uncle
- [[Allister Hound]] meets the [[baroness Voynam]] 
	- fit check:	- (black high collar) chains, high placement in military, has a military sword which shows her former service in the glorian phallanx

---

### Brunch
- delicious foods a plenty, boozy brunch

- sirus cocklebur esquire
	- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]: (laughing behind fans, gossiping maybe? click-ish maybe?)
- titus casava-lotheed:
	- huge smile (to Rhenquist) almost mocking / shit eating grin
	- Rhenquist: (nat 20) - 
		- influence lore hunting / riding / nobility / dueling / military/ glorian empire, 
		- is predisposed to athletic people who are higher in rank than him.
		- "bart" his late wife's cousin
		- he prefer's to be out in the field doing "mens work"
		- plans on winning the jousting tourney
		- "we were just wondering how much you charge for her" (about [[Zarissa Nocturne]]), is interested in banging Zarissa.
		- says Sirus has "experimental taste" in sexual stuff
		- penalties for discussing anything about the new lord of stackies in a positive way
- Honarary Tribune Onora Piscum
	- elf ears
	- nicest clothing that a commoner would have
	- utilitarian brain, over her shoulders, dirt under her fingernails
	- bright piercing green eyes
	- [[Arturo Basri]] opens with: "you seem like you don't belong here" In Elvish.   She doesn't speak elvish
	- Is unsure of Arturo, and thinks he was making fun of her.  Has a bit of a twang.  She seems very down to earth.  Is insulted.
	- Feels like this entire thing is a waste of time.  "This jiggles in a way that I don't like."
	- she _might_ respect [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]]
	- she cares about the "real people" of stackies
	- "the less you talk about GG the better"
- Dame Parthena Crabbe
	- big-boned, standing next to teenaged girl
	- double fisting wine glasses
	- "I was looking for the two most fun people at this party .. and its me and YOU!"
	- daughter sepsinia
		- pale faced dark faced girl with dark circles under her eyes, fanning herself in a lackluster way
	- throws her daughter at [[Allister Hound]]
	- gossips with them:  "The claments are involved in human trafficking?"  
	- They are from Telus Barony
	- they flirt, she tries to pawn her daughter off on [[Allister Hound]], he trades hott goss with her and confirms the rumor about caritas's upcoming nuptials. 
	-  she ran a dancing academy, (even went down to cadira at some point)
- Zarissa introduces herself to Onora Piscum
	- Onora is from stackies
	- Zarissa breaks the news that Allister is the new tribune of stackies, as he's across the room double fisting martini's with Dam Crabbe.
	- Zarissa - nat 20 learns the following:
		- she loves when people talk in metaphors or homey colloqualisms... 
		- morat, nature, farming, labor, perception, performance, survival, deception, diplomacy
- Archbanker Lady Paril
	- (Michelle Yo),  White robes, big key medallion
	- She's come up before as a "foil" to [[Ser Gul Guisarne aka evil legolas]]
	- [[Tirri-Kastner]] introduces herself.
		- thinks [[Allister Hound]] is a lovely young man
		- does a little dancing herself
		- Dame Crabbe inserts herself into the conversation.  we learn that she ran a dancing academy, (even went down to cadira at some point)
		- I only do what is required
		- The cathedral of the lovely father is my life. (its in lothedar)
		- has a cathedral full of orphans
		- dirty 20 results:
			- glorian empire lore, religion, morat county lore, diplomacy
- [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]]
	- reputation: does not brook talk against rebellion or disobedience against superiors
	- loyalty / lawful etc
	- Selly
		- missing 2 fingers, lost them in a bet to a fox allegedly
---
### The sound of a utensil clinking against a glass is heard
Bartleby gives a quick speech.... 

My honored guests .....
[[Eldrin Vale]] enters wearing black and purple.  
"its a bit short"

[[Tirri-Kastner]] - pulls a purple flower petal. Pulls a purple finch.  The purple girl looks terrified and refuses to look towards GG.

[[Allista Cragus aka Purple Finch]] - "Purple Finch"

Broad Shouldered woman in a pink gown:  Dame Crabbe invites us to join her for trucco.  Rhenquist abandons Arturo and Caritas for This thirsty thirsty woman.

I hope my bones aren't too fragile for your mallet.

---

### Meanwhile at the Trucco Field

- parthinia crabbe inserts herself with the trucco players of our group
-  .... other things happened and I stopped taking notes