
The party deals with the manticore and promptly splits.
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] and [[Allister Hound]] take [[Moffis of Soto]] and [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] (who is discovered nearby and injured) and quickly rush back to town.
- [[Caritas Zespire]], [[Rhenquist-Merosett]], and [[Arturo Basri]] stay behind to collect the manticore head , supervise, and investigate the area where Voinum was discovered.
	- [[Arturo Basri]] discoverers an area with dead goats ... its kinda strange.
	- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] makes a sled for us to bring back the head
	- The party (specifically [[Caritas Zespire]] ) takes heat from [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] for various things.
CRA and Voinum walk back to town
	- V mentions she respects Rhenquest for allowing Allister to take credit for the kill

----
Zarissa and Allister and Moffis arrive back at the house first triumphant with their catch

[[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] flatters [[Allister Hound]] and mentions how their hunt went off the rails when they were distracted by the snack tables.
- she "clutches her pearls" at one point and [[Allister Hound]] notices that she is missing a bracelet that she was wearing earlier today.
- a gasp happens as the other half of our party rolls up

---

The Count presents the party with a gold bear statue worth 25sp and announces that he will have the head stuffed, mounted, and sent to stackies.

---

- The big players that we should be influencing:  [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]], [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]], [[Baroness Adella Voinum]], [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] , piscum

---

The victory celebration dinner:
- [[Caritas Zespire]] influences [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] 
	- C recounts a moment of glorian history where some figure of note learned a valuable lesson about valuing diplomacy and politics and how he's spending some time thinking about it.
	- V apologizes for being heavy handed
	- V's opinion of the party rises as a result of this conversation.  Her mood towards the party is now `indifferent`
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] chats with [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]]
	- Z mentions how we have an investigator in our party (looks over at [[Arturo Basri]])
	- [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] gossips with Z about [[Caritas Zespire]]
		- gossips about how [[Archbanker Lady Paril]] overheard "night sounds" from [[Eldrin Vale]]'s room and asks if its true.
		- "its so wonderful that there is still a love match out there"  ... blah blah blah
- [[Allister Hound]] and [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]]'s conversation:
	- A apologizes for not giving a better "heads-up" re: manticore
	- Allister recounts the manticore encounter
		- > I can be assertive when i want to be
		- > I'm good ... at a lot of things ... Let me show you some time ...
- [[Arturo Basri]] chats with [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]]
	- AB charms the hell out of him.  Learns his influences and weaknesss
	- AB also chats with [[Selly Okerra]] and has a great conversation
- [[Tirri-Kastner]] chats with [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]]
	- [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] gossips with TK re: [[Eldrin Vale]]'s nighttime noises
	- C points out that Vale is a renowned composer and TK is a well known composer, which leads to a discussion about the Chellish Glorian Castner rivelry.
	- TK 
---
### The restful interlude between events before the maskerade

- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] speaks with [[Onora Piscum]]
	- piscum thinks the people of stackies will be excited about the new tribune
	- Rhenquist inquires about Piscum's tavern.
	- The tavern was her father's and she's a nepo-baby. (the honorary tribune title)
	- Offers room at the [[Wolf's Whisker Public house]] as a place where the Manticore head could be displayed.
	- "alright so there's probably a couple of ghosts in swanmere"
	- "a wasp pollinates as well as a bee"

---
### The maskerade fit check:

- [[Arturo Basri]] 
	- navy blue suit (nicer than average)
	- blacklight mask, elaborate patterns are revealed, flamingos, wings, under the right light there is an etherial beak
- [[Caritas Zespire]]
	- black on black on black
	- simple black mask
	- draconic scales motif is revealed at certain angles / certain light
- [[Allister Hound]]
	- big shoulders
	- hourglass waist
	- "multifaced mask"
	[[Zarissa Nocturne]]
	- "embraces the horns"
	- deer antelope mask
- [[Tirri-Kastner]]
	- "feathery"
	- half mask / phantom of the opera style
	- oranges and burgundy
	- feather boa around the collar, v neck but not TOO deep, 
- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
	- asymmetric cloak
	- deep green scales, felt 
	- lizard like in terms of features
	- with a large hood on a stick with large basilisk head

---

- [[Arturo Basri]] pulls [[Allista Cragus aka Purple Finch]] aside
	- thanks her for the excellent work she's done this week and slips her a gold piece
	- A notices Purple's eyes lingering on the orchestra as she leaves
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] & [[Caritas Zespire]] 
	- dame crabbe and [[Archbanker Lady Paril]] are spreading rumors about you and your fiance
- [[Caritas Zespire]] chats with [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
	- C asks for advice re [[Eldrin Vale]]'s "nighttime noises"
- [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] overhears [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] and [[Caritas Zespire]] chatting
	- Voinum asks if he's going to ask her to dance, when he asks, she says no and walks away
- [[Eldrin Vale]] wears a huge set of angelic wings with white trousers with gold paint smeared across his chest and face.  
- [[Allister Hound]] and [[Eldrin Vale]] chat
	- mentions he's been rehersing (eldrin)
	- the count is planning on doing a fireworks display and has commissioned Eldrin for the music
	- Eldrin asks for clarification on Allister's opinion on the Count
		- the two make sexual fish metaphors of some kind that I don't really understand
		- "when and if the castner's decide to make me their heir, i will make sure her mother has at-least the bare necessities" 
- [[Tirri-Kastner]] and [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
	- "a promise to uphold"
	- TK attempts to "sell him on Sepsinia's good points" ... she can ... draw ?   **kori making jazz hands in the background**, and ... a great ... listener?
	- TK wonders off to find a snack
- [[Allista Cragus aka Purple Finch]] returns to [[Arturo Basri]]
	- all I know is that [[Lady Lucretzia Marthane]] left the palace in the middle of the night
	- she returned from somewhere back to her rooms in quite a hurry, packed up her things and didn't say anything to anyone.
	- the other servants didn't see anything else
	- finch noticed something in [[Arturo Basri]]'s room:  Two glasses... one perhaps for a guest that he had late that evening?   She noticed wine splashes on the decorative tree in his room.  The wine had been splashed up against the gold ... it just seemed like the wine had been thrown into the plant.  
	- Arturo says he didn't remember pouring wine last night, and thanks her for her disgression. and palms her some gold.
- [[Caritas Zespire]] and [[Eldrin Vale]] speak
	- *note* I didn't have a chance to make good notes on this.   Here's an overview:
	  - Eldrin was standoff-ish and rude, Carit tried to give him some good faith warning over his "night time noises" being overheard by the two biggest gossips at the party.  He attempts to make a good public face and "be seen" as a courting couple and provide E with potential options for any excuses or alternate narrative he choses to go with to handle it. (aka it was him and carit in the room etc).  Eldrin asks who gave Carit the advice, Carit mentions Rhenquest.  Eldrin says something very rude and that Carit needs to mind his own fucking business.  Eldrin storms off.
- [[Eldrin Vale]] and [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] speak
	- Eldrin storms over and asks why Rhen is getting involved in his relationship with Caritas
	- What are you performing tonight?
	- "No one has written perfection" "Is that your goal?",  "I hope so" (moment of honesty / desperation)
	- "We already have a metric for perfection.. making the godess shaelin weep."
- [[Eldrin Vale]] storms over to [[Caritas Zespire]] and asks why he's spreading rumors 
	- caritas says he hasn't told anyone and is confused about why eldrin cares .. 
	- Eldrin says that its his business and none of Caritas's, carit agrees and says he respects that.
	- Eldrin storms off and carit is confused
---
the night closes