
As a result of how quickly we made it through the hedgemaze last session:
art and ren - not slowed
tirri and allister - slowed 1 round
caritas - slowed 2 rounds
zarissa - slowed 3 rounds


combat begins!

---
zarissa - 27
arturo 25
opillio - 20 something
red - 16
gray - 16
allister - 14
caritas - 13
renquist - 12
yellow 
green 



---
zarissa
- moves with her badger
arturo
- literally merk's the green zombie with a clean headshot to the head
teal
opillio
- casts the fear spell on arturo
red
- lunges and grabs zarissa
gray
- also goes for zarissa
allister
- rallying anthem +1 to ac and saving throws [[pathfinder2e/Spells/Rallying Anthem|Rallying Anthem]]
- dread stance
tirri- 15
caritas
- afraid of spiders
- runs to zarissa and strikes the red zombie with provenence ( * crits) 
rhenquist
- recalls knowledge on zombies - brainless hungry fuckers
- throws a [[Ghost Charges]] at gray 
- (spring based etherial smokey goo explosion from the charge)
yellow
- moves next to opillio
purple 5



---

zarissa & perrie
- both take some dmg from the nearby zombie undead aura
- periwinkle attempts to bite grey but misses
- 12 piercing
arturo
- known weakness
- puts his crossbow on his back
- casts [[Horizon Thunder Sphere|Horizon Thunder Sphere]] which sounds like 10,000 birds chirping
opillio
- skitters around and up to arturo
- lands a critical attack on [[Arturo Basri]] - 2d6 persistent bleed effect
- arturo see's the color drain from the world, and he loses the will to live / suffers a depression like effect. (from the bite)
red
- falls to the ground and grabs [[Periwinkle]]
- tries to bite perry but just ends up with a mouth full of sweater as perry squirms and fights
gray
- bites zarissa while she's grabbed
allister
- sustains his rallying anthem
- attempts to [[bon mot]] gray
caritas
- carit and red zombie pause for a moment and look over at arturo going full kami hami ha strike which just massively lights up the other side of the area.
- carit then quickly strikes at red while both are distracted (crits) and kills it dead (because merciful [[provenance]] doesn't care about the undead)
rhenquist
- quickly moves behind [[Opilio]] to try and flank him with [[Arturo Basri]]
- opillio reacts quickly and skitters 10 feet up the wall
yellow

---
[[Tirri-Kastner]] catches up with the rest of the group and is being chased by two more zombies!  (two female zombies in dresses.  One wearing purple and one wearing teal)
---

zarissa
- needle darts gray zombie
[[Arturo Basri]]
- depression / faded colors / trying to devise a stratagem
- clumsily / sluggishly switches to his short sword and casts a spell strike on the zombie in the yellow dress.  (slashing and Fire dmg)
- persistent bleed effect (10dmg)

Teal:
- grabs [[Tirri-Kastner]] and deals 11bludge dmg

[[Opilio]]
- leaps down and attempts to bite arturo and misses

[[Tirri-Kastner]]
- casts heal on the teal zombie

[[Allister Hound]]
- sustains rallying anthem
- attempts to cast [[Bon Mot|Bon Mot]] on opillio
[[Caritas Zespire]] 
- sprints around a hedge to flank the yellow zombie and swings provenence ( critting)
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- attempts to tumble through (fails)
- skewers yellow with Coriana's Blade - the light refracts from the gems in the hilt of the legendary blade. (two strikes) (the Tourmaline gem action triggered) (yellow dies)
purple zombie
- flanks [[Tirri-Kastner]]

---

zarissa
- sprints forward
- casts needle darts on purple
[[Arturo Basri]]
- still feeling the emotional effects
- struggles to devise a strat
- halfheartedly casts a fire spell (which misses) on opilio
- casts heal on himself
teal zombie
- grabs and bites down into tirri 
- bites tirri again and again
- the zombie is chowing down on tirri's throat
[[Opilio]]
- leaps down on to [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- rhenquist suffers a persistent bleed as spider like fangs sink in
- the green tormaline crystal on rhenquist's blade flares and banishes the effect of the bite effect
[[Tirri-Kastner]]
- casts a two action heal on herself
- casts a one action heal on the teal zombie
[[Allister Hound]]
- sustains the rallying anthem
- calls his illusionary hound who immediately attacks the zombie in purple
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- slays the zombie in teal

---
[[Zarissa Nocturne]]
- casts needle darts on [[Opilio]]
[[Arturo Basri]]
- a quiet apathy takes hold
- devises a strategem - known weakness: question: "wtf is this thing?"
	- a lovelorn, particularly mecob form of undead.  twisted form created from tragic death / unwanted love.  fixation on their former love.  attempt to harm or darkly protect their former love.
- closes his eyes as he switches from sword to crossbow and fires at opilio
- "a dangerous calm"
[[Opilio]]
- drops down onto [[Arturo Basri]]
- bites down and does bad stuff to arturo
- casts a spell and vanishes from sight
[[Tirri-Kastner]]
- casts a 30ft heal on herself
- a horrible screeching can be heard as the spider-heart currently invisible is caught in the healing and dies
---

after about a minute the effects on arturo wear off
---

zarissa & primrose:  "... does ... does this count as a heart?"  Prim:  "if it looks like a heart, and it beats like a heart .... omnomnom."
- a wild swarm of moths show up as zarissa heals herself

---
"Where am i ? Sepsinia comes to and has a sharpness in her eyes that we haven't seen before from her "

- pearl ring 9g 20 sp
- fine purple harp - 200sp
- 2 vials of potion of some sort
	- potion of swimming (swim speed equal to land speed)
	- "filter of empty dreams" potion - no dreams for the next 8 hours and misc effects that help against addiction. (arturo identifies it and tells the party its a healing potion)
---
### zarissa gets a case of heartburn
- she debones the heart
- takes a bite
- mist rolls in
- she eats and eats
- on the last bite there is a thunderous tone that rumbles, as it rumbles the mist rolls away and she finds herself in a strange place
- Z is no longer in the maze, perri is no longer near but primrose is.
- she looks around and sees that she is in a chamber with no doors.
- mosaics / scrawling on the walls around her - powerful and esoteric magical symbols of "containment" of "stasis" and also symbols associated with the process of creating or transforming oneself into a lich.  In the center of the room there is a pedestal. 
- on top of the pedistal there is another heart made of shining crystalized ruby like stone, and from the center there is the ember of a glow.
- through the center of this heart, a dagger has been plunged.
- primrose is feeling reverence
- prim:  "a most fitting offering. fit to return the beat to a stilled heart."  as she says this the stone/crystal begins to beat and zarissa's heart beats in sync with it.
- Z feels a heart attack as it pounds with a fury in sync with this crystal heart.  Its a furious beating and Zarissa eventually collapses down into the mist.
- red mist fills her vision, and when it clears she is back in the hedgemaze with the mist drawing away.  her chest burns.
- looking down her bodice she see's a marking / tattoo above her heart above her chest of a heart with a dagger plunged into it and a pulsing glow.
- permanent +1 item bonus to occultist checks

---

Dame Crabbe is nervous / worried as none of us (including Sepsinia) were there.
Awake and pacing she welcomes the party.

[[Allister Hound]] tells DC about finnigan and opilio, 
[[Arturo Basri]] and [[Tirri-Kastner]] chip in some details
[[Caritas Zespire]]:
- "unlike wine, bad news does not get better with age"
- Caritas explains  in very plain language what has happened to [[Sepsinia Crabbe]]
	- the hedge maze is going to need to be cleaned up by professionals
	- Sepsinia is a victim of assualt by [[Opilio]]
	- explains the mind manipulation effects she's been suffering
	- tells about the fight in the maze
	- advises that dame crabbe be the first thing Sepsinia see's when she wakes
	- suggests potential suicide watch until the situation normalizes

---

next morning:
Sepsinia and Dame crabbe see us downstairs
Sepsinia seems to not remember much about her situation
Dame Crabbe mentions they may pass on the current social season.

Moost will be assisting with our repairs - 125gp for improvements to stachies

Dame Crabb gives the party the [[Medal of Griffon's Heart]] which grants +1 to saving throws against fear and mental effects and can cast forbidding ward at will

The party gains a level to their `Agent Rank` and `1 additional operation point` So our rank is now `3`.


