[[Martella-Lotheed]] produced papers for the Betney estate for [[Allister Hound]].  
Tanager Jubilee.  Martella wants us to CHR the event and change the county for the better. (win hearts and minds) then take the [[The Palace of Birdsong]] back from the Lotheeds for [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]].   Martella reminded the party that we have the right to request an audience with [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]], but any other actions should be covert. (important). 
- do not use magic to influence people the Lotheed family will catch it

We pick up our story during the carriage ride ...

In the carriage with us, rustic stablry ware, salt of the earth, (holding the reins of the carriage is an older gentleman - striking beard going silver at the tip.)

- the gang spends some time on [[Caritas Zespire]]'s wedding announcement.
- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] brings up [[Zarissa Nocturne]]'s sister's connections to the wilted rose.
	- Z: was told this by someone attempting to blackmail her
	- the party continues on towards Tandak, we continue to pass lots of sprawling estates
	- we see the fabulous wealth and then impoverished ghettos between
	- Carina, Morell - possible names of carriage driver and young gal
		- C - opened a stablery in ... somewhere else
		- These two's family have worked the betney estate for generations
		- M's father is still alive (the butler) and his mother is the lady's maid
		- [[Allister Hound]] says that they can call him " ... my lord"
		- Allister makes a recall memory roll, remembers that M is favoring .. his leg? shoulder? I missed this.  But he would have trouble lifting heavy stuff.
		- Town of Stackies - population 70?  Its been losing people like crazy.
			- the swamp has been encroaching for years. 
			- There was a pump that stopped working and the vinyards drowned.
			- apparently the stackies vinyards were said to potentially rivial the vinyards of the Zespires. allegedly.
			- the people are taxed like crazy.  Lotheeds take all the taxes
			- pump WAS magical, then broke down entirely during the summer w/out rain.
			- M's fam was from gulton originally, but they have served the betneys for the last 150 years
			- M's father would have taken care of the former lady's cats - fyi

### The Catalan Inn

- The party arrives at the inn- small tavern white stone
	- notice a stone that's a different color with faint writing on it - grand prince beldon in 4080 several times. (on a plaque)
	- [[The Catalan Inn]]
	- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] overhears some tavern banter
		- "is it REALLY time to put a woman in charge?"
	- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] and [[Tirri-Kastner]] talk about "the wanderer" religion and just wandering in general
		- [[Tirri-Kastner]] was a sound sleeper as a baby / slept a lot
		- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]:  "What's with the fucking possum"
			- she's a familiar
			- Rhen "expected" to be a sorcerer for a large part of his life
			- "my father once described me as a familiar ... he said i kept coming back"
			- The party gets details about [[Zarissa Nocturne]]'s patron.
				- her mother also serves her patron
				- Z does not know much about the patron
				- have you ever questioned your service?  Not often.
- Two woman walk-in
	- tall drow / dark elf woman, wearing backpack full of fireworks, crate of fireworks
		- wearing travellers clothing name is [[Aesha]]
	- halfling woman sandy hair short bob wearing workers clothes, but they seem a little too new.
	- tirri recognises halfling woman as a world reknowned painter known as [[Abbey Toblescloth]].  Known for painting portraits and scenes that carry political messages.
	- painter is from chelliax, and is a person of interest to the chellish government.  last we heard, she's in hiding. (tirri and allister's roll results)
	- drow elf calls the half elf her "lover" at one point and [[Caritas Zespire]] notices the half elf's reaction to the lie. (also notices the drow was a hella smooth liar)
	- half elf is welcoming and invites us to sit down.
	- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] makes an impression and Aesha is now two steps higher
	- "So what brings someone of your persuasion out here?"
	- cassamire, navel shipyard rumor - "sounds like empire is in a tough position"
		- sounds like the navy isn't in [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]]'s side.  cause uncle zespire runs a tight ship
	- The party chats with them for a bit

- The Inn door swings open and horrible puckered scarred dudes in scary orukai costumes 
	- order of the scar, hellknights, her highness of chelliax
	- a wanted criminal has made it through these parts
	- knightly order - scurge , scar, based in chelliax, but do not answer to the crown of chelliax, they answer to asmodaise
	- only 1 cloister of these fools, but its nearby
	- hellnights are basically paladins from hell and wanted [[Abbey Toblescloth]]