purple finch wakes the crew up ....

Gong goes off at 5am.

Note:  First event is at 7am

The party is chitchatting early morning in the common room.  Caritas has been up for hours, the gong threw off his push ups.

The party asks where Arturo is, find out he's out in the guest house.

Camera cuts to Arturo out at the guest house chatting it up with Dame Crabb.

---
the party winds up the noisy cricket and talks about their dreams last night.
- [[Tirri-Kastner]] - recounts everyone's nightmares and proves that she saw them
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] - informs the party of the horse sized spider, and the count and GG's nighttime activities.

---
Gong rings against breakfast will begin in 10 mins

The party makes their way out to the garden, morning mist, lots of tables which seat 4 people each. white table cloths, white chairs, etc.

People are peacocking out and jockeying for position at tables with desirable diners

- off limits:  count, GG, earl markondus, LLM
- the party picks their tables and sit down
- servants come out carrying large metal bowls
	- one by one the bowls are set in the center of each table.  swimming around in the bowls are dozens of live eels.  little harpoons, and a hibachi grill is set up.
- [[Arturo Basri]] spears the first eel and as tradition dictates he gifts it to another.  He chooses [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]].
- a few of the party goers speared eels with roe inside and there are delighted and happy golf claps

---
### At the tale with [[Baroness Adella Voinum]]
- is it true [[Arturo Basri]] that you've never eaten spatchcock?
- poor [[Lady Lucretzia Marthane]]  ... no one has seen her
- [[Arturo Basri]] says he's looking forward to the hunt, mentions he's a pretty good shot

--- 
### At the table with [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]]]] 
- gossips about [[Arturo Basri]] with [[Allister Hound]]
- [[Allister Hound]] sowed a rumer that Arturo turned down [[Lady Lucretzia Marthane]] when she came to his room late at the dead of night
- Allister attempts to save basri from crabb, then throws him to the wolves as he offers to introduce dame crab's daughter.
---
### At the Table with [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]]
- [[Tirri-Kastner]] sits with Okerra, Titus, and GG.
- Titus mentions his dead wife for a moment
- Titus drags Caritas's father by mentioning his drinking problem
- Okerra throws some very subtle shade at Titus. "Yes, its a good thing you don't have any vices" ( paraphrasing)
- Okerra comes to the aid of TK by mentioning that TK's husband is off serving in the war and offers her his praise and condolences for his absence. (shuts up Titas when he starts to drag [[Tirri-Kastner]] with some of the gossip about her)
- 


---
### At the Table with [[Onora Piscum]]
- baronette fi payden
- 


---
Trumpet sounds announcing the beginning of the hunt
- purple group and finch struggles out with a bunch of hounds on leads and she's ... struggling.
- fine glorian hounds
- horses are provided

[[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] says "lets bring out the quarry"
- people are brought out dressed up as game animals
- a rabbit, a duck, and a deer
- "These people are criminals, so its ok" - Bartleby
- "If they are caught and brought in, they are given their freedom" (essentially)
- [[Arturo Basri]] telepathically speaks to [[Zarissa Nocturne]] and says how horrible and inhumane this is.
- [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] draws the rabbit in the rose garden as their hunting ground
- [[Allister Hound]] draws the deer and our hunting ground will be the brashen deep
		- [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] mumbles to GG "I didn't realize we included the brashen deep ... " GG looks at him and gives a sort of shrug
		- our party is handed the leash to the criminal.  [[Moffis of Soto]]
		- The quarry is turned loose and given an hour heads up
- [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] clears her throat and is behind us
	- She warns us of actual dangers - bears etc
---
The brashen deep
- forrest, wild asparagus 
- the group spots some footprints and we follow them for a while
- the forrest becomes "unridable" after a while and the party decides to "park" the horses and go in on foot.
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] catches a scent.  the smell of sheep's wool and the tang of blood.
- the party comes across a clearing, piles of felled tree trunks
	- there is a rope attached to a tree trunk and a pile of sheep bones.  The rope is bloody at the end.
	- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] spots some large gashes in the trees, the trees are knocked down in a single direction, whatever did this was big..
	- Our party hears and feels the ground shake and hears a scream of terror.. "HELP! SOMEONE HELP!!"
	- [[Moffis of Soto]] is cowering and has large spines driven through his shoulder which have pinned him to the tree

---
### The party fights a Manticore!
- allister buffs the party
- zarissa albatross curses