We pick up during the evening with the party split up:

### Cardgame Chatter
- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] and [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] chit chat
	- discovery check: success - influence skills:
		- she can be influenced using the following skills
			- Lore History, 
			- Lore Brewing, 
			- Lore Riding, 
			- Lore Glorian History, 
			- Diplomacy, 
			- Intimidation
	- The two gossip about Tribune [[Allister Hound]]
		- She doesn't seem keen on Allister at this point
		- she suggests Rhen do more riding
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] speaks with [[Baroness Adella Voinum]]
	- Sirus steps up when Zarissa sits down at the table... "whelp ... I know not to gamble with the devil .. goodevening all ..."
	- [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] stands up for Zarissa a bit and makes a comment about how his crew are squatters in the palace of birdsong
	- Z asks about her opinion of the merosett boy, she's nonplussed and assumes Z is back to champion the tribune's cause and her opinion of him.
	- Z stands up for Allister, she thinks there's a lot of good he can do
	-  They discuss the broken water pump of stackies.  'it must be repaired'
	- mentions [[Onora Piscum]] owns an ale house 
- [[Caritas Zespire]] speaks with [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]]
	- discovery check:  nat 1 
	- Caritas leans in and presses for details about [[Selly Okerra]]'s missing fingers story
	- The baron is not amused, appears offended that C has pressed on this issue and calls it a night as he excuses himself and leaves the table for the evening

### Ballroom Blather
- [[Allister Hound]] speaks with [[Archbanker Lady Paril]]
	- "so you're a banker ... "
	- AH starts in with gossip about him and the Count
	- they met briefly when he was younger
	- AH mentions he spent an evening in old zeheir before they arrived here
	- [[Archbanker Lady Paril]] mentions an interest in history and that she wishes we could go back to the days of the empress
	- [[Archbanker Lady Paril]]: "I find it odd that we live in an empire steeped in female leadership and yet the idea of making female inheritance law is so unsettling that it could lead to civil war"
	- He mentions that he grew up in the church of [[Abadar]] 
	- She asks him to dance

- [[Arturo Basri]] speaks to [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] using telepathy
	- "act normal, I want to give you a status update on my investigation into your assassination ... it could be .... anyone.  you've basically created this situation by your decisions."
	- Arturo fears the black swan will make another attempt and that the Count has created this situation or rather GG has by having such a strong hand with the common people
	- [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] has the attitude that elves are a "lessor" race.  (honestly probably all the races that aren't human)
	- [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] : "Basri I can't say why ... but for some reason I like you. It would be quite a disappointment to not invite you to further events in the future"
	- [[Arturo Basri]] somehow influences Bartleby 

The evening's dancing closes out ... 

---

### Purple Finch escorts us to our rooms

The party chats - 
	- Carit asks Rhen for some help with diplomacy stuff, he stops everything and starts giving carit some pointers
	- The party decides to focus on [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] they think she's a power player
	- 5 npc's are marked as "most important to influence" ( pointed out by DM) he confirms that three of them are (from highest to lowest) [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]], [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]], and [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]]

The party all go to bed ...

---
Arturo hears a knock at the door ...
- its boobs mc wigg
- oh lord basri, i came as quick as i could I just had to freshen up
- [[Lady Lucretzia Marthane]] .. let me show you ...
- ** another knock at the door**. 'Basri' [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] is at the door with GG.
	- Arturo opens the door a little bit and slips out into the hallway
	- Arturo awkwardly reports on his investigation status
	- You asked me to come to your room in the middle of the night to report that you have no progress in your investigation? - bartleby
	- "is it a servant that you have cornered in there?" GG
	- Arturo tries to keep everything private
	- [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] is shocked and offended that Arturo is bringing scandal into the palace of birdsong.
	- "You are doing something indecent in my home!"
	- Arturo tries to spin it as a positive...  it does not go well
	- "GG go fetch purple finch, lord Basri will need to be moved into one of the guest houses"
	- GG leaves to fetch purple finch and gives arturo a few minutes to pack up his belongings
	- "What was that?!" [[Lady Lucretzia Marthane]] 
		- Arturo explains that they were just caught out
		- Now that Basri has lost status and is getting kicked out of the palace she's lost her enthusiasm 
		- she leaves
	- 10 mins later purple finch shows up to help him gather his things and he is moved to a guest house
	- [[Arturo Basri]] notices on the way out that there is still music coming from the ballroom
		- he peers through the keyhole in the door and see's [[Eldrin Vale]] with a single violinist.  They are going over a piece together.  Eldrin patiently walks them through the piece and they continue to rehearse.
		- Arturo compliments the music and Vale asks about the suitcase
		- Do you play?  No but my sisters do.  Which sister?  Merisaldi? Viola.  Did she have aspirations?  I think it was just a hobby I believe ...
	- Arturo stumbles into [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]]  while she is in an awkward state of dress
		- Crabbe is not a fan of hunting

---
### What dreams shall come

- [[Tirri-Kastner]]
	- hidden lake in forrest, amphitheater with a small crowd but with thunderous applause
	- the audience is fey, lots of magical creatures in attendance
	- Tirri finishes her dance and bows as the creatures give strange applause
	- evening / fireflies flit around
	- something moves in the tree line in the distance.   A large shadow moving between the trees.  In its wake there is a cold white light.
	- Rhinoceros sized creature (the shadow that's moving / passing the fireflies in the distance)
	- The applause continues and the audience doesn't appear to notice this dark shadowy creature.
	- perception check:  25!
		- feels like her heart is drawn to this light, doesn't know what's beyond it, but it feels relevant, feels significant, feels important
		- the fairies with the dragon wings begin to tug on her clothing as if to stop her from walking towards it
		- TK brushes off the fairy hands and one frantically flys into her eye-line and gives a "no" sign with their hands and makes direct eye contact with its large white eyes and expressionless face
		- TK ignores the fairy and steps into the trees where the light is shining and sees the following:


- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
	- An ornate dining room set for a number of noble guests with important people chatting and at the center is Rhenquist playing host
	- waiters reveal the food from the chafing dishes and there is an overwhelming smell of rotting flesh
	- everyone begins to reach in with their hands and grab the rotting flesh which is squishy like jello
	- Rhenquist feels like wretching
	- the Guests begin tearing at his body and begin to devour him as Rhenquist begins to scream
	- TK sprints back through the portal of light 
- [[Caritas]]'s very bad duel with Titus
	- Cold white light takes TK away from this absolute miserable moment imagined by Caritas.
- [[Arturo Basri]] walks into a room
	- nice office weather outside is nice Arturo's uncle Gregario is dead on the floor 
	- Arturo see's a door on the other side of the room and he goes through it
	- the door opens to the same room with uncle Gregario's body again on the floor but this time its messier.
	- He goes through the door to escape and this time the weather outside is a little worse, the scene is darker / worse, the uncle's state is worse, 
	- this loop continues as arturo continues to move frantically through the door again and again and again.. each time the scene gets worse and worse.  The shape of the room started as a square, but each time it gets a little more "round" as the room deforms a bit.
	- he tries to go back through the previous door but the door is locked and he is unable to go backwards.  All attempts both magical and mundane fails.
	- As he turns around his uncle's body on the floor is gone
	- jumpscare moment:  arturo turns around and his uncle's face is right there in front of him
	- the white light appears and TK is taken away from this scene
- [[Allister Hound]]
	- white light  dissipates and we fade in to a purpleish lit bar
	- AH is sipping a martini and laughing with a woman
	- she suggests that he's lied to her and throws her drink in his face
	- he cleans himself up and moves over to a table of young gentlemen
		- he greets them by name but they ignore him
		- he suddenly realizes that he's covered in drink and the gentlemen are whispering about him
		- he makes a joke and the room goes silence
		- he moves to his "usual room" and sees [[Lucien Alcier]] with another man.
		- he sees the andorian ambassador and approaches, but the ambassador says that he's not "one of us" and is turned away
		- the [[Dutchess Clament]] is seen making a comment about how "he's adopted, its not like he's really one of us anyway, we can afford to lose HIM ..."
		- someone mistakes him for staff and tosses a copper his way...
		- the scene closes out with him being reduced to a commoner with no renown....
		- TK see's the light through some of the purple curtains and sprints for the exit
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]]
	- opens with a memory of when they were kids
	- That moment when [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]'s cousin's were harassing [[Martella-Lotheed]] 
	- Zarissa tries to intervine, but can't.  Count Lotheed dresses her down for trying to intervine and talks about how martella is just getting what she deserves.  She's not worth anything anyway, etc.
	- GG is there with bartleby discussing her punishment, and the scene skips forward to martella having badly burnt hands and she's now unable to do anything of value.  Unable to do kneedlework etc.  The reality is that she will most likely lose her job, her magical casting at this time is presumed to be cast via hand gestures which she can now no longer do... 
	- TK turns away from the scene towards the bright light.  She sees an enormous luna moth which is glittering dust from its wings.
		- "You can only help one" is heard telepathically in her head
		- "Arturo"
		- "What darkness causes this torment is too great for our reach.  Only 1 can be illuminated again".
		- a purple curtain appears in the hedge maze that she's in.
		- TK empathizes with Arturo's situation the most and steps through the curtain into arturo's uncle's office with the body of his uncle.  Arturo crying, frantically looking for an escape.
		- Looking around TK see's the threads of the weave that are creating the fabric of this dream.
		- TK grabs the thread and begins to reshape this dream
			- she reduces the horribleness of his state
			- she improves the weather in the scene
			- she pulls the string that unlocks the door and changes the path so that it opens into a garden instead of another office
			- Arturo does not perceive Tirri in this nightmare, and steps through another door as he frantically tries to escape.
				- He see's his uncle at a desk, but now he's alive, his eyes twinkling..
					- Arturo!  What did i do to be worthy of this surprise?
					- His uncle is so much taller than he should be
					- Arturo notices his hands are much smaller and chubbier..
					- He notices that his uncle's desk is covered with strange little wizardly curios.  Some mechanical, some alchemical, some magical.  Spread across the desk is a scroll of `Charitable Urge`
					- ... and then he wakes up

---
Everyone in the party is going to receive some bad conditions as a result of failing the will save except for Zarissa.  details to follow

---
[[Zarissa Nocturne]] wakes up and see's a horse sized spider moving through the palace of birdsong...
- Zarissa goes to Allister's room first and tries to rouse him.. no result
- she goes from room to room trying to wake the party
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] runs into [[Baroness Adella Voinum]]  in her nightgown
	- She tells the baroness that its bad in here
	- says she's unable to rouse her party but no result
	- Voinum says it was a very tiresum day and that no one sleeps well in the palace of birdsong
	- Voinum says she doesn't sleep here.
	- "People don't talk about it" "we wouldn't want to offend our host, and there are always ears listening.  I suggest a hot beverage"
	- Zarissa hears "late night sounds" coming from one of the guest rooms
	- rolls a nat 20 as she sneaks up to the door to see what's up in that room
		- zarissa's driving motivator in this moment is that she feels protective and wants to make sure someone isn't being mistreated
		- the keyhole is extremely narrow, but its unmistakably Bartleby and GG
			-say it, say it!  "you are every bit the man your father was..."