### The one with the big middle meat

---

#### When we last left off [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] was leading the party as he climbed down a pipe located at the base of the warehouse behind a hidden door ...

---

(_previously [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] dropped a coin to determine how deep the pipe was_)

[[Caritas Zespire]] steps out first into a chamber roughly ten feet wide, the walls are embedded with artifacts of a long gone Rosanna.  Broken pottery, street garbage, packed dirt walls.
Opening / door to the SW.  hidden door, but its ajar.

Carit's foot snaggs on a trip wire and a javalin hits him for 15dmg, his shield is damaged and now useless and he gets hit for 12dmg.  

[[Arturo Basri]] uses a sword to chop the jav close to carit's chest and carit pops two healing potions to recover.

... the party finds a storage room ...

[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] detects the smell of decay and creature waste in the jars.
The party decides to skip any investigation here
...
The party continues south through a door ...

fungus, shimmering motes .... bubble ... a partially covered steel shield and another object nearby ... "wall with skele", the fungus was grown out of some alchemical agents. It was not maliciously created, but it is magical and killed this skeleton guy.

[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] makes a thievery check to try and get the shield out, [[Caritas Zespire]] uses the soap from his pack to help grease up the shield.  "Squeaky clean".  Rhenquist essentially does a table cloth pull and grabs it out.

minor sturdy shield - The shield has Hardness 8, HP 64, and BT 32.( [[Caritas Zespire]] claimed)

---
Party continues ...
Round tables covered with spoiled food that looks like it was prepared and then like half eaten.  No one's been in this room for hours for sure.
Passages N, S, E, W.

_The sound of a distant idle humming comes from the west._
_... we head towards the humming_
___
The walls open up as the architecture moves into stone.
opens up to a room with a long dining room table surrounded by chairs probably for entertaining.
maps of the prefecture's areas.  far side of table -> little halfling girl humming, her little feet dangling below.  she's doodling on the map with a piece of charcoal.

> *gasp* are you bad people?

Have you seen my daddy?  He's tall, has hair like mine, has a beard.  Mommy's a baker so she can't watch me today.

[[Arturo Basri]] notices some fine strands of spider like webbing ... gossimer thread goes up to form puppet strings puppeting this girl ... who is fully dessicated and dead, dozens of spider like eyes in the cracks in the ceiling.  He then pulls a sword and is going to swing on the girl

The party rolls initiative ... 
---
> Kori: Do you see where the ham is?
> Shannon: You mean the big middle meat? 

[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] - vibing "wtf"
spider girl -  black smoke begins to billow out from the mouth, pools around the partty and spider girl.  (they cast darkness), The light from Provenence dims, studders, and then goes out.
[[Tirri-Kastner]] - is confused and surprised this round
[[Arturo Basri]] - devises a strat (free), pulls out his sword, strikes wildly in the dark, but doesn't hit, points out "This is no little girl!"
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] - seeks the little girl, (i missed the other things because i was distracted by the big middle meat) sorry not sorry
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] - attacked [[Arturo Basri]] - and his tattoo goes black
[[Caritas Zespire]] - attempts to intimidate the creature past the middle meat in the darkness. "I was raised in the darkness", hops up on the table

---
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] - courageous anthem then attempts to dispel the darkness. - little halfling girl is at eye height with arturo.  (affected party members see her standing on a chair) non affected see her dangling on puppet strings.
puppet girl - bites [[Arturo Basri]] (mandibles) ([[Caritas Zespire]] see's her giving arturo a little peck on the cheek)
[[Tirri-Kastner]] - senses spider girl was sent here by an evil god of this world , flings a hand full of needle darts (do not hit)
[[Arturo Basri]] - 
- devises a strat (free) action
- recall knowledge = vulnerable to slashing 
- swings his sword which makes an impact but is deflected off its hard outer shell
- shields up
- "They are a follower of Theymere Gicks!"
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] - slashes the creature for 8 piercing dmg
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] - casts evil eye (will save)
[[Caritas Zespire]] strides, vicious swings

---
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] - sustains anthem, heals arturo and gives him a status bonus
spidergurl - tumbles through and attempts to bite [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]], tumbles through allister's space. 
spidergurl - legendary action:  girl is puppetted by her god, opens her mouth and spiders come out. she spiritual weapons [[Caritas Zespire]] , Carit is trying to brush off spiders (she has distracted carit on the next turn)
[[Tirri-Kastner]] - chucks some needles as she raises her shield
[[Arturo Basri]] - swaps to dignity's barb, shoots at girl but it misses, reloads
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] 
- recalls knowledge:  
	- "phantianet" "a servitor of Gixx" 
	- it is sent down directly from god as a direct intervention
	- if it catches you off guard ... "its bad"
- strides
- attacks the phantianet
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] - needle of vengeance (focus) gives the status to [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]
[[Caritas Zespire]] - can't see the girl, looks around for her, can't find her, tries to swing, just can't find her

---
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] - courageous anthem, strides, bon mot

spidergurrl - hits [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] with a spiritual spider cloud then turns around and bites [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] 

[[Tirri-Kastner]] - yeets some needle darts, give carit some guidance
[[Arturo Basri]] - swaps out for his healer's kit and then heals [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] 
- tries to tumble through but is blocked by creature (twice),  
- attacks with sword
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] - needle darts
[[Caritas Zespire]] - vicious swing

---
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] casts courageous anthem and forbidding ward (on carit)
spidergurrl - phantom pain spell on [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
[[Tirri-Kastner]] - `pf2:3` big healing spell
[[Arturo Basri]] 
- swaps to no diggity, 
- reloads, 
- fires - > "puts an arrow right in the middle of its 40 eyes"