
#### The dignified repository part two
---
The party fought their way inside the repo, met [[Afarni]], and made it into the second area...

As the encounter begins, the three players who imbibed the wine can hear [[Afarni]].  ( _caritas , allister, and arturo_ )

---
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]]:  Takes cover I think
Blue:  climbs on top of a set of boxes
Purple: throws a dagger at [[Arturo Basri]]
Red:  swings on [[Arturo Basri]] but misses
[[Tirri-Kastner]]: `pf2:2` casts needle darts
Green:  runs back and hides behind some crates
Yellow: climbs up to the top of the crates, throws daggers at [[Arturo Basri]]
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]]
- Perception check ([[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] reaction -> gives advantage)
- Albatross spell 
[[Afarni]] 
- has second thoughts about letting our party experience his potions
- chucks a potion that smells awful in the direction of [[Caritas Zespire]] [[Arturo Basri]], and [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]].  It mostly splashes on [[Arturo Basri]] and [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] and splashes a bit on [[Caritas Zespire]]
Light Blue:  moves behind some boxes
Light Fusia: 
- appears on some crates across from the party and says "you stink"
- throws a blade
- climbs down one level on the pile of crates he's on
Orange: throws some blades at [[Caritas Zespire]]
[[Arturo Basri]]

[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]: 
- runs backwards
- courageous anthem
- sustains his illusory creature
Illusory Hound: 
- attacks red and takes him down
[[Caritas Zespire]]
- strides
- swings on baddie
- dry heaves on orange
---
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] 
- quickdraws crossbow and makes attack (uses his hero point) and crits on Yellow who almost loses his balance on the box
- reloads
- hides
Blue:  climbs to top of pile, throws dagger at [[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] (hits), and throws a second dagger
Purple:  steps on body of friend and attempts to fein a feint (but fails)
[[Tirri-Kastner]]
- strides and puts her back against some crates
- slings some needle darts at yellow

> We hear a haunting whistling emit from the general area, the enemies we see seem to be bucked up by it (courageous anthem)...
> 
> A man steps out from behind some crates, he has a dirty black and grey motley ... in his hands a wicked crescent mood scythe, on which is painted in a crimson red paint ... a grinning or frowning mouth.

His form around the edges is difficult to focus on.  There's a strange aura around his silhouette.  He points at [[Caritas Zespire]] who is sweating from the foul stink.  

> Why so serious? - (he said something else but that was the "vibe")

> Camera focus close shot of Caritas's eyeball which jerks shut, and carit sees a bunch of memories of himself holding the scythe, he sees himself holding this scythe and carve into various prisoners who are people he loves.  Caritas grabs his stomach and is laughing uncontrollably in madness.

Yellow: 
- yeets a dagger at [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- creates a diversion against RM (he's hidden)

[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]]
- commands [[Periwinkle]] to sneak behind purple and bite them

[[Afarni]]
- pouts and says "oh? you did not like afarni's last concoction?"
- yeets some lightning in a bottle at [[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] and [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]'s feet
- throws a second concoction at [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] & [[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] dodge the worst of it and their hearing is spared from the worst of the grenade's blast
- swings on [[Periwinkle]] but misses

LB - moves in

Fushia -
- slashes carit with daggers as he continues to laugh manically as he's magically imagining torturing his friends and loved ones

Orange: 
- tumbles through
- attacks carit but misses

[[Arturo Basri]]
- heals himself
- casts `pf2:2` `spout` 

> The humming man says "An amature performance"

[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]
- sustains hound
	- dog attack crits
- courageous anthems
- throws up - uses hero point to make himself throw up (it still fails)

[[Caritas Zespire]]
- two swings and both miss
- vomits from laughing so hard
---
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] 
- in the dim light, possibly [[Tirri-Kastner]] sees the shock on [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]'s face as he stabs / kills orange.  This is possibly the first human [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] has ever killed. 
- `pf2:1` `Seeks` yellow
-  used an interact to switch weapons

Dark Blue:  
- throws a dagger and hits [[Periwinkle]]
- throws a second dagger but it misses
- throws a third dagger but it misses

[[Tirri-Kastner]] 
- `pf2:1` `strides` up to the choke point behind the body stack
- `pf2:2` `needle darts` on light blue (17 piercing dmg)

[[MS3]]
- takes note of the sounds near the bottleneck and sorta glides to the back of the folks there
- drops "concentration" on Carit's laughing fit
- casts something else and [[Tirri-Kastner]] makes a save ...

> peers over the head of Afarni, "What a beautiful face... there's nothing more i love than destroying something beautiful ... " ( he is casting `phantom pain` ). Tirri thinks that she's feeling needles of flesh being torn from her face, teeth broken and pulled from her mouth .. "I'll never perform again!!!!"


Green:  
- strides,
- stabs [[Caritas Zespire]] for 6dmg
- stabs again and misses

Yellow:
- misses, misses, digs through his inventory and pulls out a health potion (does not yet drink this round)

[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]]
- `pf2:2` casts `needle darts` on Dark Blue
- commands [[Periwinkle]] to bite - who tries, but misses
- makes another bite attempt but it fails

[[Afarni]]
- `pf2:1` `strides` up to [[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]]
- `pf2:1` attacks with his dagger +6 piercing dmg. [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]see's a glittering substance on the edge of the dagger as it goes in.  Zarissa is poisoned until next turn

light blue:
- `strides` up to [[Periwinkle]]
- attacks twice and misses

foccasia:
- two attempted swings which miss
- a final attack hits
- ðŸ¥– overcomes the dmg effect that was effecting it

[[Arturo Basri]]
- `pf2:1` switches weapons and pulls out a short sword
-  `pf2:1` `strides` up to afarni
- he looks at his enemy and "does the math"
  > Alex:  Only instead of a bunch of math symbols it all circles! ðŸ¤£
-  _What are his vulnerabilities? - none
- _devizes a strategem_ 
- slashes out with his short sword and crits on [[Afarni]] ðŸ—¡ï¸ 

[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]
- sustains the illusionary hound
- courageous anthem
- `pf2:1` casts `Bon Mot` on [[Afarni]] (-2 penalty to will saves and perception  for 1 min)

[[Caritas Zespire]]
- attacks Green twice who is knocked unconcious
- turns and swings on foccasia "gotta get that bread"

---
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- `pf2:1` switches to crossbow
- shoots Yellow dead.  [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] kills his second human and the party sees yellow fall from the top of the boxes.
- reload

Blue:
- `strides` forward closer to [[Tirri-Kastner]]
- gets a nat 20 on attacking Tirri and does 19 dmg
- nat one on his final attack

[[Tirri-Kastner]]
- `pf2:2` casts `needle darts` on Blue which crits and will add a persistant bleed effect ... which doesn't matter because no one will be able to identify this body.
- cowering she `raises her shield`
- The nightmare of body horror continues for Tirri (failed save)

[[MS3]]
- shouts a command at [[Arturo Basri]] "Make yourself comfortable! Settle in!  Enjoy the SHOW!!!"  Arturo begins to obey the command for a second and then....
> Wait... but ... no...you're a creepy freak ...  (and shakes off the command)
- "are you a goood dog or a bad dog... either way ... "  **he swings the sickle around like a golf club**. Ahhh... a good dog then!"

[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]]
- `is slowed` so only has 2 actions
- `pf2:2` casts needle darts and crits on [[Afarni]] who will take 2 persistant bleed damage and ends [[Afarni]]'s life.
- recovers from her poison

#### [[Afarni]] raises his hand to touch [[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]]'s cheek.. "remember afarni when he is gone ... "

Light Blue:
- crits on carit
Focossia:
- strikes him and knocks him unconcious
[[Arturo Basri]]
- strides
- heals carit for 16
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]
- casts `bon mot` on [[MS3]] (but it fails)
[[Caritas Zespire]]
- gets up
- attacked foccasia (knocks them unconcious)
- attacks light blue (knocks them unconcious)
---
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- `strides` on top of the unconcious bodies of green and light blue
- `recals knowledge` of [[MS3]] (society)
#### Rhenquist recalls waiting in line at the senate he overhears some people talking about the clown Mr Smiles the Third and how they were unsettling.  This was at [[Duke Georgi Talbot]].  He also remembers that there was a connection to the gnome clown [[Wisilca the fabulous]].

[[Tirri-Kastner]] 's effect wears off and she checks her face for scars. *phew* all good.

[[MS3]]
## "Well its been a gas but unfortunately my shift has ended ..." and [[MS3]] runs out a side exit door.
---
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] looks out the side door, there's no sign of MS3.

[[Caritas Zespire]] - uses his hemp rope to tie up the unconscious baddies

## upstairs and downstairs teams discover loot on unconcious bodies and in the locked drawers

### [[Arturo Basri]] discovers some nicknacks from "the summer w/out rain" in a box.  At the bottom of the box is another box (beautifully made) with gold trim.  A beautiful tierra with dazzling white diamonds.  Instantly recognizable from the royal portraits.  This is clearly the royal tierra which belonged to her mother.   [[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] grabs the box but its unclear what she intends to do with it.

___
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] discovers a passage down, the party heads down together.



