### If you can't love yourself ...


### Count Lotheed taps his glass and addresses the dining room...
My friends and nobles ... traditions ... let us proceed outside.... Owl masked servants open the large doors as we exit the building ... 

Trumpets blare as six halflings ride in dressed in traditional glorian armor.  plumage helmets, chariots pulled by dogs.

Dressed as traditional glorian heroes of the past.  Its kinda gosh.  

Purple finch hands us wicker baskets purple powder puffs.  Each player gets three puffs.

[[Baroness Adella Voinum]] notices xxxxx dump their green puffs into the nearby plant and for a brief moment [[Zarissa Nocturne]] clocks her making a sympathetic face

[[Tirri-Kastner]] puts in a 1g bet
[[Caritas Zespire]] Throws down a 10g bet on our purple chariot


[[Zarissa Nocturne]] tries to quietly exit w/out people seeing .. THREE NATURAL ONES GET ROLLED IN THE COURSE OF TRYING TO DO THIS OMGGGG. Mark rolls a dirty 30 as [[Allister Hound]] to assist and then Doug rolls a 28 to rescue the situation with his dandy distracting flattery move.  

[[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] looks quite pleased with himself.

---
### The tiny race begins ...
A horrible display / humiliation of halflings happens.  
Tiny people riding chariots pulled by dogs dressed as historical glorian figures.
The nobility is given powder bombs they can throw at the chariot racers.
The race finishes, the crew's team lost.  Caritas and Tirri lose gold.

---

### Zarissa and Honorary Triumph [[Onora Piscum]] have a chat during the races...
- Picsum shares a memory of [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] 's cruelty.

---

### Influence round

[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] speaks with Dame Crabb
- they talk about her conservatory for a bit
- She has been trying to get the count about funding
- ... the fruits of lord caritas zespire's vineyard ... 
- influences Dame Crabb a bit she goes from `Unfriendly` to `Friendly`

[[Allister Hound]] speaks with [[Earl Yander Merkondus]]
- AH compliments YM's Cane.  It was given to him by [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]]
- Allister calls over [[Caritas Zespire]] and introduces him to [[Earl Yander Merkondus]]
	- EYM brutalizes Caritas with memories of his father's behedding
	- EYM asks Carit about his outfit, Carit turns that around a bit and says that AH designed / picked it out for him.
	- Carit keeps a cool head during this conversation, but EYM dominates the conversation
	- Carit makes a comment at one point that with the nobility, much more is demanded of them, and when they fail, much more is required from them as well. (in reference to EYM talking about his father being behedded as a traitor)
-  EYM and AH gossip a bit, EYM asks if Carit is part of his retinue

[[Tirri-Kastner]] speaks with the [[Archbanker Lady Paril]]
	- mentions that she would love to visit the orphanage at some point, ALP says she's always welcome
	- ALP brings up TK's performance history
		- TK says she hasn't had much of an opportunity to perform in new areas yet, but she's always looking to expand her reach
		- ALP invites TK to come and perform for the children and / or make a substantial donation
		- ALP wasn't aware that the Calio fam was in such dire straits.. is the fam really insoluble right now
		- TK prevaricates 

[[Caritas Zespire]] and [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] speak
- CBL gives a fake apology for his actions when they were children
- Carit gives an equally fake thank you and dismisses it as just "kids being kids and no hard feelings"
- Carit gives CBL the `confetti cloud` spell scroll as a gift.  This raises his status to friendly, and Carit now gets a `+5` bonus to some kind of checks against him forever.

[[Arturo Basri]] speaks with the entertainment of the evening
- apologizes for how they have been treated at this event
- Arturo believes in karma
- Arturo tries to give them hope that GG _CAN_ be taken down
- A receives a tip:  
	- "everyone's afraid of someone.  GG is often summoned to [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]]'s chambers in the late hours of the night"


---

### Later in the dance hall
Arturo and Tirri both do amazing dance performances

BV - parlour
markondus - ballroom
piscum - not here
okerra selly - ballroom
sep - ballroom
marthane - ballroom
ab - ballroom

Card Players:
- cockleburr - ballroom
- okerra
- GG
- titus and crew
- eym
- voinum

### Ballroom 
- as next dance begins there is a sudden rippling gasp as everyone's attention moves to the entrance where a new guest has arrived ....
	- the event totally halts **record skip sound**
	- whispers are heard across the room
	- lotheed engages in a spirited conversation with this mystery woman
	- The mystery guest is [[Count Dutchess Lotheed]] (Bartleby's Wife)
- [[Tirri-Kastner]] speaks with [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]]
	- TK uses her dance performance to put in a good word re the daughter and potential marriage prospects
	- Has successful conversation with her, feels like they connected

[[Arturo Basri]] speaks with [[Lady Lucretzia Marthane]]
 - "is that a smoke bomb in your pocket ... ?"
 - she's hard to read, maybe just scandalizing him.... maybe not

[[Allister Hound]] in the ballroom with [[Count Dutchess Lotheed]]
- she compliments his fashion
- mentions that [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] is furious when he's looking at them talking
- [[Allister Hound]] offers to send her some flowers and she seems deeply touched.
	- Allister promises to dance until she says stop
	- charms the pants (metaphorically)
	- "its been many years since i last enjoyed my husband's company"
	- "oh ... OH!" (when she discovers that Allister doesn't like women)
	- She mentions that Bartleby prefer's men as well ( possibly GG)

---

### Cards
[[Rhenquist]] plays cards with [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]] 
- He's a hard wall to crack through.
- They remember the voting night events together
- "two champions play this game tonight"

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] speaks with [[Baroness Adella Voinum]]
- discovery check:  `-4 penalty to checks if you attempt to flatter her`
- says [[Onora Piscum]] "is a good girl".
- "everyone knows Merkadem was a cruel violent man, he deserve what he got"
- "and if he killed himself in the end he robbed someone else of the privilege... i'm joking of course ... may the lord count lotheed rest in peace ... long live the count"
- my guess is that you are more worldly wise than anyone else in the palace, more so than our pansy boy that's about to be running stackies (allister).  My advice is for you to take a strong hand and give him advice.
- she disparages Allister ... a bunch
- "I watched you leave the entertainment earlier ... " 

[[Syras Cockleburr Esquire]]

Caritas takes 13 gold off him.
nobility, morat county lore, perception

Influence skills: lore glorian empire, lore nobility, society, diplomacy, deception, perception
