### The Wilted Rose 
The players read and discuss the latest issue for a while... its a new round of blows to the PCs.

---

#### Agents of Change
Optional "Persona phases" mini game for WFTC module is discussed
The mini-game suggestions are guidelines not hard and fast rules for _our_ table.
- Facets- we have ranks and bonuses
- charm, genius, heroism, and sacrifice

| Operation     | points           | overview            |                   |                 |
| ------------- | ---------------- | ------------------- | ----------------- | --------------- |
| minor **10p** | advanced **30p** | critical op **50p** | ongoing op **+2** | risky op **+?** |
- Players choose their main scores / attributes
- more info on the sheets

---

#### Tirri's Troubles
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] explains why the public is buying the stories about her infidelity and offers suggestions on how they might move forward.  [[Senator-Amadorian-Dou]] and [[Dame Trant]] are mentioned.

> You're the victim here , WRITE THAT DOWN! - [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]

The two spend the afternoon drinking while overlooking the green on the Caster Mansion grounds.  

The players talk momentarily out of character and above the table about the gameplay and strategy right now.

[[Tirri-Kastner]] decides to write a letter to [[Dame Trant]] making a polite request for aid
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] helps her write it.  The next morning a letter arrives from Trant saying that she feels horrible about Tirri's situation and feels partly responsible and will do what she can to help how she can.

// todo - Shannon is going to pitch a minor operation later during downtime

---

#### Arturo's day out
On a low key day [[Arturo Basri]] and his mother and father and little sister [[Lola]] run into [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] and [[Lens Merosett]] and their sister [[Verlin Merosett]] at a restaurant.  Rhenquist has the staff pull some tables together and they share a meal.  Arturo describes his "day job" and lola says she wants one too.  Arturo's mother says no she doesn't.

Mother and Rhen share some small talk and Arturo's family ignores Lens.  They mention they are planning on leaving soon to head off for Northern Tandak province.  Arturo mentions that he plans on staying here, but promises to write Lola.  

> You play sports?  ** gives Rhenquist a dubious glare** - Lola

---

#### Undressed and Dressed Down
[[Count Orlundo Zespire]] summons [[Caritas Zespire]] to his office where he dresses him down while holding the 



---

#### Shared Interests
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] requests that [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] meets her somewhere to set up a meet between  [[Grand Duke Borund Heskillar]] and [[Grand Duchess Liomtraud Heskillar]]and his mother [[Nevanna Merosett]].   

> I'm not used to being summoned like this... IM NOT USED TO BEING SUMMONED LIKE THIS.
> Zarissa's familiar hisses, the badger flanks Rhenquist and is flicking its tongue in rhen's ear
> I'M HERE! I'M HERE!

Zarissa suggests that some of our allies have shared interests and perhaps [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] could facilitate a meeting?  Rhen suggests that Z have The Grand Duke meet with him and he can facilitate things from there.

Days later [[Grand Duke Borund Heskillar]] publicly swears his loyalty to [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] and commits himself and his lands to her cause.

---
#### The day of the council
The party enters [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]]'s town home.  Taldogus slams into the party.
[[Martella-Lotheed]], [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]], and other allies are there. (Eutropia is not).

[[Martella-Lotheed]] begins:
- [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]] leads with legal matters in the city
	- Legally primogeniture has not passed yet because it has not been ratified by a grand prince.
	- [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] has claimed that he's been adopted and has claimed to have sworn statements which confirm the prince ratified this.
	- since neither princess Eutropia nor the grand prince currently have clear legal claim to the throne, many others have risen up to make their own claims to the throne.
	- the government is currently at an impasse due to this legal standoff
	- Arturo asks about the legality of [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]]'s claim, and Eutropia says she will not lie about his claim and that she believes his claim is probably legit. 
	- do not threaten anyone in eutropia's name caritas
	- 
- [[Count Orlundo Zespire]] will speak about things going on outside the city
	- new claimants pop up each day making claims on the throne
		- tandek prefecture grand dutches cecera tideran
			- she fears that an uprising could happen and bad things would result for her province
		- [[Marquess Tanasha Starborne]] - is not to be ignored, maintain a strong relationship with the fey of the first world. Wispil is mentioned.
			- Eutropia received a letter of apology from Marquess for this assertion

---

#### The Knights of summer

- [[Martella-Lotheed]] leads the next discussion.  
	- The princess needs a stronghold.   
	- It should be the Palace of Birdsong, but [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] is the current manager of the property and he is firmly on the side of [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]]
	- The servants take the chairs away and the rest of us are left in the courtyard with the princess.  She stands and gives a short speech. She steps forward and in gloved hands a bunch of servants stepout holding swords.  She asks Count zespire to serve as her herald.
	> I stand as a witness, let all see that (all the player names) by virtue of their honor, their loyalty, and their service of arms, ... will be knighted.

	- [[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] tries to decline and the princess tells her to STFU.
	- fealty is sworn, the party acknowledges the princess as their leige woman.
	- "let this be the last blow you receive w/out just recourse" - princess eutropia
	- the party goes hands in around eutropia and are made knights of the kingdom

	> I dub the Ser Caritas Zespire ... etc etc etc etc etc etc, arise ser knights
	
	- the crossguards have lions carved into them.  they are from the shining crusades. they are special and quite valuable.  they are ours.
	- +2 item bonus to social checks against loyalists when worn.
	- Let us revel!  -- The **goose and gander tavern** is booked and friends and allies will be in attendance

---
#### The goose and gander
Event space / tavern high up overlooking a cliff with little mechanical geese that can wind up and pour wine from their beaks.  

- [[Grand Duchess Liomtraud Heskillar]] finds Dame Zarissa Nocturne.  
	- She will have to find a new lady's maid now.  Zarissa tears up.   Heskillar says they will have to start using just their first names now and gives her a hug
	- [[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] mentions her mother's illness and how she heard there was a cure out there. Maybe if she can find one, she thinks her mother and sister could easily fill her old role at the Heskillar's.
	- Duchess decides to go find a seat and rest for a few minutes. (she is still recovering ... from death)
	- Rhenquist gets Arturo to lighten up a bit. Eat some food and quaff some ale.
	- [[Caritas Zespire]] immediately grabs Arturo and hands him another one. "WE'RE NIGHTS!"
	- [[Lucien Alcier]] finds [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] and hands him a glass of wine
		- [[Kalbio of Breezy Creek]] is waving to [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] from his wheelchair with his broken legs.  
		- Lucien and Allister have a sweet little moment together.  
		- "... but you're such a good rider" "did you say writer?"
		- Allister shares a secret that he'll be heading out to Tandek prefecture soon but that Lucien needs to keep it a secret.
		- Allister mentions that every person he talks to about Caritas's shirt snafu says while everyone condemns the event, they all say they were looking.  some say six some say eight, allister says he thinks it was a 12 pack.
		- Are you really going to miss me?  - to Lucian
		- Seriously, its a _really really_ sweet scene.  "I'm fine, i'm always fine".
		- [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] asks [[Caritas Zespire]] to dance
			- while dancing she brings up the topic of how her position could be strengthened by a political marriage
			- she asks a few further questions of [[Caritas Zespire]] to seemingly gauge his interest and asks what he would do for the empire
			- Carit is struck dumb and mentions that he's unsure ... he's got something else he needs to take care of that is currently a higher priority
			- she says who doesn't have their own interests / priorities
			- the dance ends, carit bows and dumbfounded walks away in a bit of a daze


