
### My dear friend ...

The party receives a letter from [[Martella-Lotheed]] re: upcoming tour plans.  They should pack the following:
- several _fine_ outfits suitable for high society
- a hunting outfit
- one costume for a masquerade

--- 

### The party debates some upgrades for a few minutes

Clothing Costs
- 1SP hunting
- 2GP fine clothing
- 55GP high fashion

- Caritas gives [[Allister Hound]] some coin and asks them to pick up some "fine" outfits for him while he's out shopping.

---

### Arturo scene

- he gets some dirt that has something to do with a 16 year old girl and [[Earl Yander Merkondus]]


---
### Allister Hound scene
- he's visiting with [[Dutchess Clament]]
	- she accuses him of manufacturing drama
	- she claims that he's not single ... or is he? (asking about their relationship status)
	- I've seen how you eat .. Allister:  "Ass is nutritional "
	- he claims to have pre-ordered for 10 years of flowers (not really, but he says he will)
- Don't you have other kids to worry about ? yes but none that i care about ...
- I didn't know you could read!?!?!   I'm not Caritas Zespire!
- I make [[Sessel]] read your chicken scratch letters to me

- There's an awkward goodbye scene between [[Lucien Alcier]] and [[Allister Hound]] 
- Allister asks if Lucien will act as his agent while he's gone.
- Lucien mentions he has a party to go to.
- The two have a "couples fight" and argue over who gets the last word

---

### Rhenquist is summoned to [[Grand Duke Borund Heskillar]]

he's seated behind a carved oak desk (dragons carved).
- stands up extends his arm:  "Merosett"
- greetings are exchanged,
- "Dame Nocturne" is mentioned and how it was an unexpected surprise
- The two share some bourbon and chat
- the topic of how "the Merosett's were plotting against the Duke"
	- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] reveals that his family does not always walk in lock step and he apologizes for what his father has done.
	- ... Then i am asking you to plunge a crowbar "
	- Rhen nudges the duke towards supporting his mother's interests
	- "Are you afraid of the might of the bronze battalions assaulting the halls of your family's doors?"
- A society check is made:  Doug rolls a 31 😱🔥🪄
	- Rhen:  "I owe EVERYTHING to the Lion Throne".
	- "There's no accounting for taste" ... "That's what I said as well"
	- "I will write to your mother and invite her to my home... we will have to see what happens"
	- Its difficult for humans and dwarfs to conceive.  This may be our only chance...
	- Well, when you're burying a knife in my father's back ... sell me a ticket

---

- [[Caritas Zespire]] spends 2sp getting his shield repaired.

---
### One week later ...
The party arrives at the Porthmos club

- Arturo's family has gone back to Hollyvale
- Caritas receives a letter from his father, but its really from the butler expressing heartfelt wishes, but its clear that its all fallen flat

Fit check!

- [[Tirri-Kastner]] is wearing a MASSIVE hat
- [[Allister Hound]] - country club vibes
- [[Caritas Zespire]] - popped collar, rich trust fund boy vibes
- [[Arturo Basri]] - dressed casual, but the staff can provide a dinner jacket
	- rumors begin to quickly spread re: his outfit
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] has embroidered flowers vibe going on
- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] - pattern of embroidered flowers on a dublet

 Tirri WINS!  - 1 hero point which does not expire!
 
 --- 

[[Martella-Lotheed]] is there wearing a gown that is defiantly kaderan
- extends a greeting, lunches and sandwiches are had, tea is fantastic : Its an ice wine.
- she's been on the edge of her seat, waiting to hear about what we have planned! (starts the brass cricket) and the tone changes as we get down to business
- hands allister a scroll case
- olfin guard have locked down the palace
- stavian fam has the palace of birdsong which was entrusted to the lotheeds for care
	- [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] refuses to even acknowledge the princess's requests to speak
- [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] wants us to return the palace of birdsong to her care
- Lady died, her estate was purchased at auction last week, her nearest relations were relatives name "Hound". "The Betney Estates". 
- The estate is being staffed up as we speak.
- you will be going directly to the palace of birdsong however.  
	- will attend a party and will be able to get a feel for everything "jubelee" maskerade
	- undermine [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]]
	- he must not know we are his enemies
	- hide our identities during any overt actions to improve the county or rouse dissatisfactions against him
	- Will be seeing [[Baron-Nicolaus-Okerra]]
	- princess sold her townhouse to purchase the estate for this.   She didn't want us to know, but [[Martella-Lotheed]] thinks we should know.

---
### The crew gets in the carriage
coach pulls to a stop as there is a commotion in the streets