### Camera opens on  [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]] at the storage facility and safe house speaking with the players ... 

> my scouts have noticed no fewer than six guards at any given time with no noticeable gaps in coverage ... - [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]]

- mentions that the pathfinder society can be of some assistance
- we should move quickly but take the time we need to prepare
---
#### The gilded griffin , guards can be seen moving from place to place.  The party continues to move through the city. ... through the lions gate quarter as our party arrives to pick up our weapons.

The rune forger had trouble with Prov, Rhen's sword took the runes well, but  ... 


[[Provenance]]
Is now a `+1 Merciful sword`

---

#### crownsgate a crumbling filthy wooden footbridge groans threateninglyl as we walk across it ...

industrial buildings and warehouses ... anything of any kind of value was stripped from here ages ago.  Even the cobblestones were stolen for other parts of the city.

#### The party encounters some less fortunate who start to get out of hand, Rhenquist has to threaten someone with a knife

----

#### Nighttime, the party arrives at the warehouse, several guards are outside.  (not halflings). We witness the changing of the guards.  Three guards are on duty while three walk thr

A figure beside us darts by and a sliver of white hair is seen as they whoosh by.  They step up to the door very quickly and start to fumble with the lock.

(We recognize the face of the elf woman who approached outside the senate building)
She ducks back into the shadows and is chased by three guards. Three more take their places, close the doors and bolt it from behind.

The party moves into an exploration phase. [[Arturo Basri]] sneaks around and scouts out the building.

The party watches the guards patrolling around the warehouse...

---
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] and [[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] pick the locks on the side doors

#### A Guard spots the bois as they walk in and immediately attacks

---
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] - attacks the blue boi  `pf2:r` nimble dodges the attack from blue
[[Tirri-Kastner]] - stays in place
[[Caritas Zespire]] - runs for the side door and makes it next to allister
RED -- attacks rhenquest but misses and stumbles against a crate
[[Arturo Basri]] - sneak, sneak, and loads DB
ORANGE - moves and attacks, Caritas feels a gentle breeze and something goes wizzing by his head
BLUE - attacks Rhenquist
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]
-  +1 save against fear to Rhen, Carit, and Allister
-  casts an illusion of a wolf which then attacks BLUE who screams as the illusionary wolf chomps down.  HOUND HOUND!

PINK - hit caritas with two arrows for a total of 6 damage
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] - moved then Casts Phantom Pain 

--
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] - stabs the blueboi two and then raises his shield
[[H]] - sprinted towards [[Arturo Basri]] and slings a dart his way for 2 piercing dmg
[[Tirri-Kastner]] - `pf2:2` Casts Needle Darts at H for 12 dmg, `pf2:1` raises shield
[[Caritas Zespire]] tumbles through the door and sings on red
RED - feints and Caritas is now offguard to him, Caritas is tripped and falls prone
[[Arturo Basri]] - 
- `pf2:1` Devises a Strategy 
- `pf2:0` recalls knowledge - their fortitude is quite low, 
- `pf2:0` strategic strike shoots with DB. Arturo steady shots H and kills him dead.
ORANGE - Does nothing
BLUE - Crits on Caritas, Its Caritas, attempts to trip Rhenquist and fails
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]: 
- something with the wolf
- strides
- sustains inspiring courage
AH - Wolf
- crits on blue - blue is knocked unconcious
- attacks RED and downs him
YELLOW - attacks arturo
PINK - moves in through the door and attacks Rhen
Green sprints towards Tirri and arturo, Attacks Arturo and misses
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] 
- Casts `pf2:2`  `Grim Tendrils` - Tendrils of darkness creep out through her fingers and slam into yellow and green.
- Moves [[Periwinkle]] (the badger) in and bites at green.  NAT20!    does 6 dmg! in bite form
---
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] - `pf2:1` recalls knowledge on  these guards - symbol of god of lies and rogues, a stylized variation on the brotherhood of silence.  (BoS is known to be very competant).  (These guys are not functioning at that level in this encounter, so they must be fairly new to the organization.). They are now offguard.
- stabs pink

[[Tirri-Kastner]]
- `pf2:2` casts haunting hymn on green and yellow - deals sonic damage and kills him dead

[[Arturo Basri]]
- devises a strat / it gets flanking - 
- shields up
- shoots and (misses i think)
-
ORANGE:  

[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]
- inspires courage
- bon mot
- sustains the hound

The HOUND
- takes ORANGE unconcious

YELLOW 
- shakes the sickened condition with a nat 20
- hits and shatters arturo's magical shield
 
A:
- deals three slashing to Arturo
- attempts a diversion

PINK: nat 20 on Rhen, attempts to trip, it fails, attempts to divert Rhenquist and succeeds.
[[Dame Zarissa Nocturne]] 
- `pf2:1` casts needle darts on Yellow (nat 1 misses)
- sends [[Periwinkle]] in to attack. it crits for 9 dmg and kills YELLOW
---
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]]:   
- attempts to seek the enemy near him, it fails,
- tumbles through
- swings with sword and misses
[[Tirri-Kastner]]
	- `pf2:1` Needle Darts 🎯   - 
	- raises shield
[[Caritas Zespire]] `pf2:1` steps, `pf2:2` intimidating strike, (misses)
[[Arturo Basri]] - kills A with DB
[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]]
- sustains his antham
- spots a tiny person in some boxes "You, are you alright?"  
- Grey-ish skin with strange symbols carved into his face.   They hold a finger up to their lips and go "shhhhhhhh"
- has his dog heel
PINK: attempts to climb some boxes

[[Caritas]] reactive strikes and crits.  He unconcious.

---
Everyone inside knocked their people unconcious, everyone outside was killed by tirri, zarissa, and auturo. 


> Ahhhhh... .much oblidged .... I've been hiding here for hours and hours ....  - box boi

Allister and the box boi speak for a few minutes.  "Afarni" offers him some wine.
He offers him wine and Caritas recognizes the wine / bottle.

Short version:  It was from the very bad year for the zespires.  The family vinyards almost went under.  They didn't because someone bought up crates and crates of their absolutely god awful wine that they barely managed to produce the year after his father's death and when their vineyards were ravaged.  It appears that the princess interceeded on our behalf. :tear:

[[Tribune Ser Allister Hound]] and Affarni share around some of the wine.

[[Arturo Basri]] sends a message to [[Martella-Lotheed]] "We have entered the warehouse, make some noise if you can!"

---

#### Rhenquist leads the way through a door ... piles and piles and piles of crates, with a metal box suspended halfway up the wall which overlooks the floor.  A huge pair of 5ft metal pipes extends up from the floor towards the office.
R spots a table with six chairs around it.  A game of cards has been abandoned, along with six cups that are just left here.

The party feels a looming sense of paranoia. 40ft high ceilings, with narrow pathways through the crates.  

> ... And there are more waiting for you here ....  *thunk.  a bolt strikes into a crate near the party as we hear a bunch of footsteps