
# _The session begins with a recap of what Allister was up to last session ...._

The camera opens on [[Allister Hound]] speaking with  [[Archibald LaDrock]] .  ( Character card is facing the other direction)._ The gentleman is [[Andoran]] as is [[Allister Hound]].  Allister mentions he's hoping they can get "these shipping lanes" open.  
Allister mentions "it would be nice to see the homeland again", and the gentleman responds that Andoran would welcome him back.

_( At some point during their conversation [[Caritas Zespire]] may have run past them on his way to the conference room. )_

---
#### Tonights Party objectives:
- spread rumors
- deliver some mail
- spy on [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]]

note - Carit will be -> delivering a letter from [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]] to [[Duke Leonard Centimus]] for [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]]

[[Allister Hound]] is speaking with/ throwing back champagne with [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]] in the Courtyard.  M mentions that she would LOVE just to have 15 minutes to herself and in a snarky moment Allister says ok byeeeeeeee and nopes out.  He then walks to the senate floor and grabs a vacant chair next to [[Kalbio of Breezy Creek]].  He's a country boy who is clearly at a party where he doesn't fit in.  [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] is apparently his sponsor.  Kal can't read.  

---

[[Caritas Zespire]] delivers the letter to [[Duke Leonard Centimus]].

[[Caritas Zespire]] speaks with his uncle [[Count Orlundo Zespire]].
- mural depicting empress - 
	- princess is slow and careful and deliberate 
	- has a moment with with the count

---

[[Arturo Basri]] speaking with The oldest woman in the world ([[Viscountess Nicodemus]]).  We notice a hairless cat with tattoos near her. 

> I have passed long ago the age when flattery was effective ...

[[Viscountess Nicodemus]] licks [[Arturo Basri]]'s neck/shoulder tattoo.  
Speaks of the endless repository, and otherworldly library / archive of which she is the caretaker of.  She has Arturo bite her finger and ink comes out.  She then does magic stuff and gives him a magic candle that will transport him to her library.  Arturo notices a perfect circle scratched into the table leg near where the cat was.

---

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] steps out from behind a curtain as several people run by, and he finds himself alone and unsure what to do next.  He steps out onto a balcony for a smoke and notices his mother.

> Darling!  How are you enjoying the festivities?

He asks his mother if she's thought about what would happen if premogeniture was reversed.  Or rather what she would do first when it was passed to her.  He expresses some feels about his brothers.

His mother seems caring but stern. Advises him to be more careful about when and where he aires any grievences about his brothers.  She advises him of a few people here at the event that might be worth spending time with this evening. 

She advises him of lots of little tidbits about the party goers:
- Heskillar is hopefully not long for this world
- Lotheed worth knowing (i think?)
- Young Castner is easily influenced by letting him think you are pious and a follower of the gods

She says he looks nice and it brings a smile to his face.

---

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] is influencing the room by chatting with the occupants about previous exaltations (the theme of the evening)

---

### _a light dinner is served_
Princess Eutropia returns to the event from off screen

---

[[Allister Hound]] is speaking with [[Kalbio of Breezy Creek]] and asks him to re-introduce him to [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]].  

> Hey!  Hey Princess Eutropia!

An adorable moment happens and Kalbio leaves to get everyone drinks.

> I think he's more of a beer man ...

Eutropia and Allister catch up and its awkward and sweet.  He sucessfully influences her and our entire party receives an extra hero point.  She schedules some time for them to hang later in the week.  Instructs him to schedule it with [[Martella Lotheed]].

---

[[Caritas Zespire]] -> [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]] 
- carit influences Glorianna but fails to plant the peacock seed on [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]].
- however he does end up accidently intimidating him instead (nat 20) ... so its a mixed success

---
[[Arturo Basri]] speaking with [[Marquess Charlottte Deschamps]]
She expresses a fondness for .... his .. father i think?  She doesn't really read the newspaper. (not really interested).  "Nothing lasts forever" & "Even death isn't permenant". The conversation turns to the vote.  "Do you find it difficult to be nice to people lord Basri?  I do."  
She suggests [[The Pathfinder Society]] as something he should look into should he have an interest in seeking relics.
---

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] speaking with [[Duke Georgi Talbot]].  Who seems to be an old boy (in the british sense).  He fired his chef earlier this week for a bad soup.  
- squid butter / buttered squid
- Rhenquist's Grandfather is restricting the sales of the Merosett gemstones and he expresses an interest in facilitating that.
- directs him toward [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] as someone who could help him establish shipping lanes / exports for merosett gemstones.
- "gemstones prevent dying"

Rhenquest succeeds persuade check and brings this old boy on his side.  He now has a connection to him.

The Duke assumes that Rhenquist has his father's proxy vote for this evening (and he does).

--- 

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] continues to chip away and exert her influence the archives. (+1).  She notices a woman with a group of tweens loudly moving through the archives.  She holds up a blueprint.

> Now here you can see that there has been a senate ... hundreds of years ... since the raising of the starstone ... We are standing on one of the country's oldest graveyards.  It is said that the senate floor closes at 1am before the dead arise ...  It is said that most of the dead are the workers who built the senate to protect the secrets they would have been privy to.

---

[[Allister Hound]] speaks with [[Landgrave Ogval Jarlbjorn]]
- smalltalk about food
- conversation moves to the vote
- mentions that the [[Empress Gloriana]] preferred men with beards
- raises a toast to [[Kalbio of Breezy Creek]] who is getting raised to nobility


---

Caritas - archives -- influence roll succeeds!  we are finished with this room!
- [[Count Orlundo Zespire]]
	- hands carit a folio, hasn't read it, but recommends it
	- written by [[Museta Zespire]] , it is essentially a planner.  She took an active role in planning senatorial stuff.  schedules, seating charts.  discovers several spell scrolls tucked into the back.  "blur", "confetti cloud", "charital urge", "haste", and "marvelous mount"
---
[[Arturo Basri]] is approached by a gnomish woman with spicy hair.  They trade hair smalltalk for a bit.  She is from [[Wispel]].  [[Tanasha Starborne]].  "Welcome to the senate!".  She approves of the clown ([[Wyssilka the Fantabulous]])

---
[[Rhenquist Merosett]] speaking with [[Duke Panavar Lotheed]]
Apologises for an event in Rhenquist's childhood.  

>I believe that the Glorian Empire needs strong decisive leadership and that a Stavian should always sit upon the lion throne. - [[Duke Panavar Lotheed]]

Mentions that he doesn't have a vote, but later also makes a comment about senators and pulling their strings.  Makes an offer to aid Rhen if he ever needs it.

---

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] speaking with [[Earl Gahez Varima]] who flatters her shamelessly.  Mentions that her husband away and brings up that she must get lonely.  He is here as a proxy for his father.  A florophile, he loves the courtyard and spends his time there when not voting in the senate.  Invites Tirri to Zimar.

---

#### [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] emerges from his conference stonefaced.

_The party overhears a conversation he is having with [[Milon Jeroth]]_
> What did he have to say?  I dunno he was in a strange mood.  Something's off with him. What could be the issue ... illness?  I left that conversation feeling very uneasy.  Well, all we have to do is get through this evening and even the outcome of the vote won't matter.

---

[[Arturo Basri]] speaking with [[Grand Duke Avernathus]] (sadly i missed the relevant details here)

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] dances in the courtyard with lady [[Gloriana Morilla]] on violin.

---
#### A Blast of trumpets and a message received from Martella ... the vote is about to begin


