# [[Arturo Basri]] opens the door to the next room and we see dozens of silhouettes of people in ballgowns and finery ...

---

As we enter the room our party notices that these figures appear to be frozen in time.

[[Allister Hound]] compares everyone's fashion, but each figure appears to be from a _different_ era.  As he looks closer he notices that each figure is made of wax.  The wig game is on point.

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] casts detect magic.  "All but one of the wigs appears to be common, however one appears to be magical"

[[Arturo Basri]] assumes [[Imostos Gulbend]] was a poison taster and suggests that he put on this magical wig.  Imostos is offended and confused.

[[Allister Hound]] notices that one of the wax people's chest has a bunch of circlesl scratched in it like the table that [[Arturo Basri]] found in the previous room.  These circles are _perfectly_ round.  They are _precise_ like you would get from a machine.  

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] looks closer at the magical wig with [[Allister Hound]] and they discover that it will reshape itself to the wearer's desires. (hair wise).

---
### The group takes a minute -- aka short rest
We take an hour -- battlefield medicine etc is had all around and some healing takes place.

---
### Martella sends a group message
The group receives a message from martella:
- zespire went back to fight
- assasins still attacking
- okerra is carrying dowadger dutch
- synched up with pathfinder allies and they are struggling their way out of their but they are not safe yet

---

### Friends!
[[Zarissa Nocturne]] finds a baby badger with a white pearl collar with a senator's badge pinned to it.


---

[[Allister Hound]] feels an odd tingling at the back of his head and rips the wig from his head.  As he throws it to the ground we see ooze-like tendrils grasping from the wig.

---
** we roll initiative **

[[Caritas Zespire]] draws his sword and quickly lunges at the wig which is falling to the ground, but at the last moment he holds back because [[Allister Hound]] is still in the way. (nat 1)

The ooze scuttles around while still wearing the wig ... 

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] analyzes the ooze and recalls knowledge
- what is it -  its an ooze that lives in a wig
- does it have any resistances - nope

> Its like a hermit crab ... but for wigs

[[ooze wig]] lunges at [[Caritas Zespire]] and latches on to his head.  [[Caritas Zespire]] becomes confused and starts to babble and swing his sword around wildly.

[[Arturo Basri]] - loads his crossbow

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] lunges for the wig (ooze) on [[Caritas Zespire]]'s head.  She's able to grab it, but not able to pull it off as she has to dodge a swing from his sword.  She backs up out of range.

[[Zarissa Nocturne]]: Casts a spell and stuns the wig.

---

[[Caritas Zespire]] dazed and confused, attacks [[Arturo Basri]] with his vicious strike but misses.

[[Allister Hound]]: commands [[Caritas Zespire]] to remove the wig.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] trips [[Caritas Zespire]] who falls prone.  He attempts to kick the sword from his hand, but nothing seems to be abel to seperate him from provenence.

[[ooze wig]] maintains its grip over caritas 

[[Arturo Basri]] places his crossbow against Carit's head:

> Caritas, do you trust me!?!  (in this moment the wig momentarily loses juuuust enough control so that he is able to see and comprehend this moment) "NO!!!!!"  *thunk*

[[Arturo Basri]] shoots [[Caritas Zespire]] in the wig for 12 piercing dmg and then casts shield on himself.

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] reaches into her hair and pulls out a hand full of hair pins.  She throws them and deals 12 points of damage to the ooze wig.

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] deals some mental damage and kills the ooze.

Like a slug covered in salt, the ooze wig slides off carit's head.  

[[Caritas Zespire]] comes to [[Allister Hound]] and [[Arturo Basri]] are cutting up about the wig

---

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] takes a cute ribbon from one of the wax figures and gives it to her familiar primrose.  Its eyes grow wide as it happily accepts the ribbon.  It happily scampers off and promptly begins to attempt to hang itself with the ribbon.


[[Lord Wilfen Bothess]] makes some disparaging remarks about [[Imostos Gulbend]].  (lower class comment). [[Caritas Zespire]] slams him against the wall.  [[Rhenquist Merosett]] breaks it up.

---

[[Arturo Basri]] opens the west door and discovers another room filled with circles.  He begins to explain his "circle background" and [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] makes a comment that he may not want to give a full info dump while we have npc's around.
Its immediately obvious to [[Zarissa Nocturne]] that no Witch did this.  Its "too perfectly formed".
[[Arturo Basri]] inferrs that there is an "untrained genius" behind these circles
[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] does not sense any magic in this room.

---
The party heads back through the wax room and into the room behind it.

Its a museum of artifacts collected from the forth expedition.
Lots of items on shelves behind glass panes.
[[Rhenquist Merosett]] detects that the items are trapped and says not to touch anything.
[[Arturo Basri]] informs the group that these items are very valuable and its possibly worth disarming the traps
[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] detects magic:  walls and floors are magic

The party takes a moment to formulate a plan.
[[Zarissa Nocturne]] gives arturo advantage (missed how)
[[Arturo Basri]] analyzes the traps
	- what will happen if the trap triggers?  electricity will pulse through everything in the room.  will trigger a thunderstrike to everyone in the room. (bad) identifies multiple vulnerability points and it will take a very steady hand to disable them.
	- is there a singular weak spot?
		- no.

Primrose walks into the room and just starfishes on the floor.
Zarissa , Tirri, Arturo, and Caritas leave the room.

[[Allister Hound]] attempts to use his crafting to assist [[Rhenquist Merosett]], but it fails.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] disables the trap. (or thinks he does), and he and Allister have a moment before attempting to open the door.

[[Allister Hound]] grabs the trapped door and flings open the door.
Allister snickers as he casts some light cantrips and makes the group outside think the trap went off.  

[[Lady Angelle Urbane]] runs in after Allister worried as hell. She loses her hat as she runs in.  She was clearly worried about Allister.

The party discovers a small fortune of items. Each player can grab 4 Bulk items worth 165s each.  [[Caritas Zespire]] will grab the broken cold iron buckler shield.

Note:  Cold Iron Buckler:  will require a DC16 crafting check to fix it.
https://2e.aonprd.com/Search.aspx?q=cold%20iron%20bukler


---

The party enters the next room, there are large animals frozen in place.  Ropes suspend a large dragon wing.  A banner reads:  "Relive History"

Its a room full of old taxidermy.  We hear [[Imostos Gulbend]] grunt and then say *oops*, and then a *click*.

A ticking begins as an animatronic show begins as the room comes alive.  As the show plays the degraded atomatons fall apart as their movements fall apart.

The griffin attacks [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] and the party rolls initiative

---

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] attempts to deal some mental damage (6)
Griffin attacks [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] with a claw attack (14 slashing) then follows up with a second claw attack (13) and  then follows up with a third wing attack that knocks her down to the floor unconcious.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] examines this device
	- this is a taxerdermized automaton fueled by magics which is fueled by the spark of the original animal spirit.  When not maintained properly, it will revert to its original animalistic state. (its a construct)
	- draws his sword
	- is there a way to disable this device?
		- yes, toggle the switch back to the off position

[[Allister Hound]] 
	- casts rallying anthem +1 to attacks, fear saves, ac and saving throws, and +1 resistance to stuff

[[Arturo Basri]] pushes [[Imostos Gulbend]] out of the way and tries to turn the device back off using the original lever.   

[[Caritas Zespire]] runs to get into a flanking position next to the griffen, draws his sword, and attack the griffen.


---

[[Zarissa Nocturne]]  recalls knowledge using crafting and reveals its immunities, then throws a handful of needle darts at it.

Griffen attacks and Carit is doing the Five D's.  A vision of pure martial prowess as he evades terrifying mechanical griffen attacks.  Provenence is giving carit telepathic directions in his head.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] moves into a flanking position on the griffen, he swings on the griff, but it dodges.  

[[Allister Hound]] assists [[Zarissa Nocturne]] by helping to protect the badger.  

[[Arturo Basri]] examines the griffen and devizes a strategem.  Draws his crossbow, loads an arrow, and fires.  

[[Caritas Zespire]] makes multiple attacks with his sword

Griffin turns on [[Caritas Zespire]] and tears him apart.  [[Caritas Zespire]] is down.

---

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] throws another handful of needle darts at the griffin

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] stabby stabs the griffin then attempts to trip it, but the opportunity doesn't present itself.

[[Allister Hound]]: courageous anthem, aided [[Zarissa Nocturne]]

[[Arturo Basri]] he does the math, lock and loads, and fires at the griffin, then reloads his crossbow.

[[Caritas Zespire]] stabilizes

---

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] calls for [[Archbanker Jowun Zubari]] to heal us!

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] Gets up from prone, runs into the corner, and uses guidance on caritas

Griffin (missed this)

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] gets into a flanking position 

[[Allister Hound]] gives aid to [[Zarissa Nocturne]]


---

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] throws a handful of needle darts up at the ropes holding the dragonling above. The ropes snap, and a taxerdermized dragonling crashes into the Griffin, and all finally goes silent.