The 24th of Eradus, minutes before 5pm at the Preening Peacock
The Grand day of Exaltation

Rosanna is a canal like city
Imperial senate is going to vote on primogeniture shortly.

- Caritas- exits a one-night-stand situation by going out the window, cursing Rhenquest's memory.  Alister sees this happen.

[[Martella Lotheed]]- walks in wearing a purple gown with a yellow gold veil over her head. instead of tassels there are pearls, with a necklace of sapphires.  She's clearly in a much better position than when we were children.
	- pulls out a small brass clockwork cricket, winds it up, and it wards the room from listeners
	- note:  has been working for Princess Eutropia over the years since the children's adventure - Household majordomo, spider, or enforcer depending on the situation.
	- The princess is known for dueling nobles and handily defeating them - she's been standing up for the common folk
	- pulls out a set of bronze badges - engraved with unicorn wrapped in a linorm (serpent like dragon) (voritas family crest 100 years ago) - can communicate with each other badge-holders.

- Discovery:  number of senators who's position is unknown:
	  Duke L 
	  Countess AP

- Blackmail / Intimidation:
	- High Stratagos Pythag's guest The baron okera:  high value target.  need his vote. - may be intimidated by reminder of his debts owed to martella, but may also be brow beaten.

Fraud - Eutropia's Enemies
- High Stratagos - Pythag is an enemy 

Earl Calhadian Vernasant - Book - history - find embarrassments and reveal to public - it will be unveiled right before the vote. - Artifact restoration room

Petty Request - Bartleby - donated a bottle of wine.  A syringe with a needle. (thievery)

Aid Martella - acrobatics / athletics rolls

222 Senators here tonight
infiltrators elixers, and smoke balls

Alister gossiping with random woman in line.  "duke Centimus, fell off a horse, his legs no longer work" ... 

Stavian health is slipping ?

Glorian Guard - woman - blue/green dark hair severe bob, sorry random check. nat 20 (25)
+2 circumstance bonus to hiding 💩 Cathon Zellar.

100 steps

+1 smokebomb

arcade of triumphs:  very high ceiling, artifacts on display, banners of the empire on the walls, lion of stavian / peacock of the empress

garden courtyard:
flowers , shrubberies, greenhousses, greenhouses

senate floor:
benches / seats for senators, raised dias, second floor overlook

imperial archives:

servant area:

gallery:

[[Baron Nicolaus Okerra]]:  stickler for tradition, "good man", sticks to the most traditional mannors, concerned about upcoming vote, and "stability", not a fan of breaking with tradition.



