
## _Last session ..._

 [[Martella Lotheed]] invited us all to a secluded private conference room ( recap )
- activated the mechanical cricket which begins to make soft chirping sounds as we sync up
- wants us to meet with Senater Amadorian Dou.
- senator Trant, or rather his daughter who is a bully, narcissistic, and a cunt.  Dame Malpheme Trant.  Is probably here to bully someone to take her father's position. (to vote against)
- wants us to pass a letter to Count Orlundo
- has an actual size tiny mechanical cricket which she passes to the group. [[The Brass Chatterbox]]
- we discover that [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] does not know of our involvement
___

## _The party continues ..._

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] - spies on [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]]
- attempted to read some lips

[[Allister Hound]] speaks with [[Duke Leonard Centimus]] in the imperial archives
- AH gets the two of them drinks DLC is only drinking water
- "... when i cast my vote it will not be to help any of the sharks here, it will be what i think is right ... " (badly paraphrased)
- ... DLC suggests that someone should do something about the _actual_ sharks that are causing trouble for the ... city?  [[Allister Hound]] suggest that DLC needs a recking ball ... but the duchess Clement isn't available
- As of now there is no heir if primogeniture is not overturned

[[Caritas Zespire]] - will be continuing his dialog with [[Baron Nicolaus Okerra]]
- learned that This bear of a man is retired from the Glorian Horse (military) and still participates in jousts from time to time. (he does well in them)
- Glorian lore based role to influence ->  SUCCESS! He's on our side!
- The gist:  _overturning premo will put a strong female protag on the throne ... a strong sword wielding female protag which might influence young girls (his daughter) to take up a career in politics instead of the military_

[[Arturo Basri]]  - investigating the brick
- speaking with [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] - beautiful lip gloss man
- " yes ... its you!"
- has awkward conversation with him and then begins to tail "the new guy"

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] 
- Plays a mind reading game with her
- Carit scratches himself on command for Rhen
- Successfully Influences her! 

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] speaks with [[Count Orlundo Zespire]]
- he introduces himself and and thanks her for ... something (I missed what this was)
- discovery -  someone took control of lands and waterways, and since then there has been pirate activity
- Success!  [[Count Orlundo Zespire]] is now an Ally
  
___

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] 
- _sneaks into the servant area_
- attempts influence roll - its a critical success!
- receives a bottle of antidote from pretty chill male human working  (i didn't catch their name??)
- we learn that its not uncommon for NPCs to mysteriously die after these types of events
- he invites Zarissa to "see the wine cellar" , they go
- roll -> finds a very fine bottle of Dauphenal Wine from Nedal (the grapes are grown entirely in the shade), an element of the wine is that its always cool to the touch

[[Allister Hound]] - fashion sesh with [[Countess Abrielle Pace]]
- parts ways with [[Duke Leonard Centimus]] and makes his way over to the countess
- mean girls time
	- carit top
	- bad complexion / dress combo
	- Abrielle claimed to have seen [[Caritas Zespire]] with [[Lucien Acier]]

[[Caritas Zespire]] will speak with [[Duke Leonard Centimus]]
- "its my belief that the condition of a persons body, should not be a restriction on what they can achieve, nor do i think that it." - glorian empire lore discovery roll 
 
[[Arturo Basri]] -  speaking with ????
- wait... you're a Basri ... the hair gave it away!
- ????: what's the deal with the little girl?  What is she?  Art:  She is nothing but a little girl.  ????:: The rumors say that she is a half breed.
- ????: _I bet the elves are a big fan of big stick diplomacy_
- _deception roll_  - success :  Can you just hand this off to HER?
- insight:  The "HER" isn't here tonight
- Sorry about your mutt sister
- The "HER" is most likely [[Dame Trant]]

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] - speaking with [[Countess Abrielle Pace]]
- _society check_ success!  - dishes some secrets to Pace
- reward:  (not sure)

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] - will speak with [[Senator Amadorian Dou]]
- hands "the note" to Dou who quickly changes his tune and rips the note up
- [[Martella Lotheed]] watches this exchange and smirks, then follows up with some additional tasks that Tirri can follow up on if she likes
- hands Tirri a note for the Lady [[Gloriana Morilla]]

___

### _[[Dame Trant]] walks through the senate floor, pulls [[Senator Amadorian Dou]] and some men into a conference room and slams the door_

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] and [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] slip into the room acting like they are about to get busy, and invite the room.
	- rhen notices that [[Dame Trant]] has removed the peace binding from her sword








