# In the wake of the horrifying events of the the Exhaltation Day Massacre the party was teleported to a safe room below the senate floor ...

The party discovered that this is the Voritas safe room and as such has gone unused for the last ... 100-ish years.  Rhen found a thing behind a tapestry.  Caritas found a key in a bed.  Arturo discoverd a huge mural hidden behind a bunch of crates but we have yet to investigate further.  ... (glass vial)

The party tries the key in the liquer cabinet.  A glass ball inset into the wall is discovered.  With a slot for the glass vial. The party inserts the vial and a green light begins to glow.  Rhen looks into the orb and sees the room with the tapestries.

[[Arturo Basri]] and [[Caritas Zespire]] spend some time moving the boxes out of the way of the tapestry in that room while the other party members apparently spend some time with the liquer cabinet.

In the course of moving the crates we find a healers kit and a set of theives tools.

---

The tapestry depicts someone that was important, but nick didn't take notes.

> Noble Galatine Meramaxis, ever the eye ... of glorian ...

[[Arturo Basri]] touches the correct stone and with [[Rhenquist Merosett]]'s help he activates some stones in the tapestry. We discover a velvet bag with 20 "sticks" that have the voritas family crest on them.

---

Basri touches one of hte sticks to the spot behind the tapestry and vanishes.  The rest of the party quickly figures it out and follows.

---
The party finds themselves in a large hallway filled with statues.  A body of a man well into his 60's is 
	black and silver suit stained red
		he's been stabbed multiple times
[[Arturo Basri]]:
	The body is still warm
		the blood is still wet
	His finger has a signet ring with two roosters facing each other
		This is the family crest of [[Viscount Senator Devlin Manshoom]]  - (viscount senator Devlin Manshoom)
		has a rolled up piece of parchment with a fancy red ribbon which is tied.
		Finds his purse 21 gold pieces.
			In his hand is a beautiful long sword which is black and silver. (hands to caritas)
	
		
---
The restless spirit of a person who was buried in the walls reaches from the wall and the party enters combat.  Roll initiative!

A "wall confined" reaches out from the wall as [[Rhenquist Merosett]] watches.

**battle ensues** *we win*

---
## The party finds papers which show that [[Viscount Senator Devlin Manshoom]] adopted [[Guy Vastienne]]

** door opens ** young man steps out of a door holding a dagger.
> Oh, there are more survivors!  There's something in the walls watch out!  - [[Lord Wilfen Bothess]]

A second young man with long curly blond hair wearing purple and gold dual weilding swords.  - [[Ser Guy Vastienne]]

A young girl appears in the doorway - enormous blue hat and a parasol.  [[Lady Angelle Urbane]] 

(They are wearing badges of the double cocks and were teleported down here when the senate hall was attacked)

Another door down the hall : Is there anyone out there?
Black, bald, and bearing a key.  [[Archbanker Jowun Zubari]] 
	he's wearing a badge that's familiar ...
		visiting from Sargava
		he mentions a girl in his party
- broad shoulder figure appears ... its [[Dame Trant]]!

- [[Caritas Zespire]] lowers the tension in the room:  
  > Trant ... I saw you got a few hits in ... well done. (lowers his sword)
  > 
- A halfling man with thick red hair and beard, with blue livery (servants atire) enters the scene.  He was serving senator moreinne before he was teleported.  - [[Imostos Gulbend]]
- 

The party walks through the door
- dozens of white chalk circles under the table in this room
- a wine decanter filled with vinegar is on the table
- lots of paperwork - a scroll of heal

---
enter a dark large chamber via a door
	- room holds lots of display cases
	- reminds us of a first draft of the arcade of triumphs
	- suits of armor, banners, standards
	- more circles drawn on things
	- This is the "museum of conquests"
		- [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] casts detect magic
			- spots a crossbow on a pillow - looks fancy
			- "general geraphine - dignity's barb"
	- Tirri grabs Dignity's Barb and sets off a security alarm
		- A suit of armor smashes out of its glass case and begins to attack the party










