
# roll initiative

---
[[King Dodgio]]: begins to swirl his finger in the air ... ribbons of light ... ... constrict, and dodgio fades from our vision.  skittering is heard from across the room as he is on the move

[[Allister Hound]] casts - couragous antham and rattling antham, and bon mot on KD.

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] steps then casts haunting hymn 

[[Arturo Basri]]  cast ignition on purple rat swarm

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] draws acid flask and throws it at blue rat swarm (misses), swarm takes 1 splash dmg

[[Caritas]] runs up and swings on the blue rat swarm. (nat 20) caritas takes an epic swing and er-raticates them with a truly epic sword swig.

purple rat swarm:  swarmed on us.

---

KD:  shimmers and we lose track of him.

[[Allister Hound]] continues to rock both of his anthems, "fucking get these rats off of ME!!!!", he runs away from the swarm. 

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] runs across the room. (away from the swarm and towards KD).  calls down the song of the stars and oblitarates a swarm of rats. 

[[Arturo Basri]] FA: devises a strat. roll sucked, used HP.  He lines up a shot with dignitites barb, but it misses and hits a nearby rafter instead.  He reloads and takes a second shot which goes wide.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] :  "race you to the top caritas.", falls down immediately.

[[Caritas]] - oh fuck you rhen ... *starts to climb*/ , first attempt fails... sword:  "what do we do when we fall down master caritas?" ... second roll succeeds, moves up 5 feet


---

KD:  crits a spell on caritas who fully knocks him unconcious.
second attack casts a spell from his hand which spirals around the theater. curves the bullet.  hits [[Arturo Basri]] for 5 hp.

[[Allister Hound]] dual anthems then makes himself throw up (because he's still sick from drinking) (nat 20).  right next to [[Rhenquist Merosett]] 

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] strides through to the center of the amphitheater and casts a healing spell on [[Caritas]]. (15hp)

[[Arturo Basri]] loads his crossbow, aims at KD, and targets the rafter. (hes going to attempt to light the nearby banner on fire.).  (he CRITS!!).  "Master of circles, you know NOTHING of magic!!" and fires his crossbow!

[[Rhenquist Merosett]]:  runs up and gets into position to gives caritas a lift start to his climb.

[[Caritas]]: gets up and does a bro-arm clasp with [[Rhenquist Merosett]] and then begins to climb up the beam again. and climbs again.

---

KD:  arials down one of the banners and slides far enough down to get within range of [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]].  conjures a spell sphere and launches it at tirri.  "a sphere is just a bunch of circles if you think about it."  

[[Allister Hound]] strides, then commands KD to "go prone" 

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] needle darts from the hair, throws at KD, misses.  sprints to a better position for next turn.

[[Arturo Basri]] : fires his crossbow at the banner that KD is dangling from.  Flames start to spread across the banner., strides across and gets into a better position.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] races across the room (strides twice), draws a second 

[[Caritas]] contines climbing

---

KD:  monologues and then falls to the floor as [[Allister Hound]]'s command sinks in and he lets go and goes prone.  he hits the ground and scurries across the room.

[[Allister Hound]]:  dual anthems, and failed bon bon

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] needle darts (which hit) 9 points of  piercing dmg.  casts guidance on [[Rhenquist Merosett]].

[[Arturo Basri]]: frozen with indecision he's unable to commit to a single strategem.  takes a shot at KD which misses, and casts shield on himself.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]]. strides towards KD (stays out of melee range).   (any weaknesses? no. ). Throws acid flask. (hits!). 

[[Caritas]] - continues to climb.

---
KD: white chalk on his face is starting to run, and he pulls out his scepter.  you asymetrical beast!!!  the circles on the ceiling begin to turn white and lightning hurls down from the ceiling.  [[Rhenquist Merosett]] (non magic user who got REALLY good at dodging magic spells growing up) mostly dodges the attack. (which is inpressive as hell).
 - attemps to demoralize rhen (fails)
- unbroken eye contact with [[Allister Hound]] as he eats his vomit

[[Allister Hound]] couragous anthem, command:  "go prone!" (failed)

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] casts needle darts at KD.  checks to see if there are any other exits.  

[[Arturo Basri]] devises a strat, fires crossbow at KD, ( rolls two nat ones) , casts shield

[[Rhenquist Merosett]]:  recalls knowledge: "any resistances? no."  throws a dagger at KD. (sneak attack) It HITS!

[[Caritas]]- climbs to the top of beam.

---
KD - casts a spell ( range touch) (afflicted with goblin pox (stage 1) ) on [[Rhenquist Merosett]] **babbling about circle stuff**

[[Allister Hound]]:   anthem anthem. "not this"  

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]]:  moves in closer to rhen (within 30ft), needle darts!  

[[Arturo Basri]] recalls knowledge about KD: ( )-arcana- fortitude is his lowest roll. ). fires his crossbow, aims on the rat :  "crooked charlatan" *fires.  -- the crossbow pierces KD's face.  **you hear the crossbow punch throug h his skull as it pins him to the side of the ampetheater* 

---

caritas falls form the ceiling and his sword slices through the (already dead rat.  the rat's rings spill across the floor, and one of the rings slides in front of [[Allister Hound]] who picks it up.

[[bothas]] busts open the door:  "Its ok, we got the rats!"

The group just stares daggers at bothas.


> I look for his rat dick.  Is that what you wanted mark?  -doug
> ---

[[Allister Hound]] studies the ring (band) and realizes its pretty damn powerful.  ( handout was given to mark).    He discovers the [[Envoy's Ring]]
---

[[Arturo Basri]] closes the case of the circles and climbs up the chimney to see if it leads out.  he eventually discovers a small room (bedroom) with an amulet and a leather book inside.  
---

# The party exit through some double doors using our set of keys

- ( [[Allister Hound]] , [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]],  and [[Caritas]] fail a luck check.)
- as [[Allister Hound]] throws open the double doors, a fan of daggers sprays across the room and take out Allister, Tirri,  and Caritas. (both are unconcious).

The party scrambles to get these three players back up.
- Tirri's eyes flutter open (11hp)
- Tirri casts a healing spell:  5hp to everyone.  ( caritas is back up)
-  npc heals us for 6hp

# disruptions in the dust
As we enter the next room, [[Arturo Basri]] notices some footprints in the dust which meander around the space which utimately end up at the far door.
- cartias stumbles through the door with arturo.
	- sees a set of rusted swords next to some lockers with three halflings cowering in the corner.
	- squeak of fear as we suprise them.
	- [[Imostos Gulbend]] steps forward and acts as our ambassador to the frightenend gnomes.
	- FUCK YOU to NOBLE CUNT! - imostos takes out a knife and stabs at Arturo

