# [[Zarissa Nocturne]] throws a handful of needle darts up at the ropes holding the dragonling above. The ropes snap, and a taxerdermized dragonling crashes into the Griffin, and all finally goes silent...


The party gets Tirri back up with battlefield medicine, and [[Lord Wilfen Bothess]] starts to abuse [[Imostos Gulbend]]. (Anathema for [[Caritas Zespire]]).  Caritas attempts to threaten Bothess (its not super effective) and [[Provenance]] is unhappy about Carit "threatening an unarmed man".  [[Lady Angelle Urbane]] thinks that he's taken a head wound and should probably sit down.

[[Arturo Basri]] "accidently sends a text to the wrong person" to [[Lord Wilfen Bothess]] ... it doesn't go well.

As the party moves into a previous room to heal, [[Lord Wilfen Bothess]] sidles up to [[Rhenquist Merosett]] for a private word.  _essentially he asks if Carit is OK?.  [[Rhenquist Merosett]] demonstrates his courtley graces and diplomatically handles the situation.

Over the next ten minutes [[Archbanker Jowun Zubari]] heals [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] and [[Caritas Zespire]] a bit and our party continues on.

... The party passes through a huge ornate metal door covered with chalk circles and mathmatical notes.

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] and [[Imostos Gulbend]] have an adorable moment where he shares his taffy with her.

### The circle door trap ....
[[Allister Hound]] and [[Arturo Basri]] are oddly hypnotized by the circles on the door and the hallway begins to stretch into forever.  The bois begin to basically trip as reality begins to tear itself apart as they "fall" through the floor.  They are essentially on a really bad drug trip.  Their eyes are fixated on the door.

[[Arturo Basri]] attacks [[Rhenquist Merosett]] (unsuccessfully). He's confused.  Rhenquist could save him, but he's NOT, if he could just reach him ...  

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] tries to snap [[Allister Hound]] out of it by giving him guidance.  He turns around and attacks [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] as he is still confused.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] examines the scene to try and figure out what's going on.  He then slams a bottle of whiskey at the door which removes the circles and the door bois come back to themselves.

[[Arturo Basri]] has no idea why that happened.  

---

The party decides to check the door on the left for the moment.  Aka the Dank Door.

The door opens to a huge area with rampant vegitation, some patio furniture, a gazebo with a brass winged eye.  The room is very pretty.

This area was originally intended as a preservation and study of some seeds discovered during one of the glorian expiditions.  But has long been abandoned like the rest of these tunnels.    There is a table with a bottle of _something_ which is sealed with wax.

[[Allister Hound]] floats a light cantrip into the room and spots a gentle rustle coming from one of the plants near the door.

Blackberries, kudzu, raspberries.

Periwinkle (the) ambles over to a blackberry bush and starts to stuff his face.

[[Allister Hound]] and [[Rhenquist Merosett]] search the room,   [[Caritas Zespire]] continues to scout ahead and behind for danger.

[[Allister Hound]] notices something.  He identifies a Garden Oozes.  And thanks to his expertise, the party is able to avoid it.

The party picks up a Minor Healing Potion from a table nearby and decides to go back into the hallway.

---

The party walks past the door that smells like whiskey, and goes through the far door.  Books books books books books.  Its a library of sorts.

There are piles of mathmatics and geometry text books.  A small worn leather book with a family crest of an olive wreath encircling a pair of crowns is sitting next to them.  [[Arturo Basri]] pockets it for now.

### [[Zarissa Nocturne]] finds an ornate scroll case which she immediately opens.  A scroll falls out, then magically wafts on the wind (imagine doctor strange's cloak as a visual reference).  It lifts up into the air and then promptly attacks [[Zarissa Nocturne]].

scroll:  flaps up and facehuggers [[Zarissa Nocturne]]
[[Arturo Basri]] focuses and devises a strategy.
- Its a construct, no vulnerabilities 
- grabs the scroll and rips it off zarissa's face
- he lets go of the scroll and it begins to float around him
- casts shield

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] reaches into her hair and pulls out a hand full of needle darts which she yeets at the scroll which the scroll deftly dodges.  She then hides behind a bookcase

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] runs up, draws his dagger ðŸ—¡ï¸  and yeets it.  (it goes wide)

[[Caritas Zespire]] dashes over and makes two quick swings with his sword, which it dodges.  Its a leaf on the wind.

[[Allister Hound]] gives a rousing cry which rallies the group.  (casts Courageous and Rallying anthems)

---

The scroll flips around a few times and attacks [[Arturo Basri]] who'se shield manages to block it twice.  On the third attack it wraps itself around his face and Arturo is facehuggered.

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] reaches into a blue cookie tin and grabs a hand full of needles ðŸª¡  which she flings at the scroll.  "Sorry!"  

### The scroll's wooden supports audibly crack as the needle darks rip through paper and embed themselves into the wood

[[Periwinkle]] the beautiful baby badger adorably hops up to grab the scroll, but grabs a little too hard and the scroll is cronched to death.

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] picks up the magical scroll case which is worth 30SP.

---

[[Caritas Zespire]] has a mental conversation with his sword.  
> ... The real question is ... are you WORTHY to weild me ... I'm ... I'm sure you'll do ... fine?


[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] does some geneology research in the library on her fam.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] hears a mechanical buzzing coming from behind a door.

[[Caritas Zespire]] opens the door.  Rows of metal boxes are all around the room.  Caritas is immediately accosted by some metallic flappy wing thingies.  

[[Factor 12]]:
> it is lovely to meet you, are you here to make a withdrawl?
> ... the exit is past the circle door ... 

[[Arturo Basri]] Was it you that made the circles?  

[[Caritas Zespire]] points to his badge.  We would like to access our box please.

[[Factor 12]]:  Due to the actions of [[King Dodgio]] , we have had to alter our rules, so only 1 item may be checked out at a time.

[Factor 12] reveals many different items, giving a brief description of each.... 

[Factor 12] grants the group access to "the reading room" where the group can take a long rest.

[[Factor 12]] says that KD looked like [[Periwinkle]].  The party is confused by this information.  [[Caritas Zespire]] pokes [[Periwinkle]] in the tummy.  

[[Factor 12]] gives a silver key to the party.  

--- 

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] uses crafting to repair the [[cold iron buckler]]

[[Martella Lotheed]] rings in and gives the party an update.
- [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] -- seems fishy, assassins appeared to be avoiding him ... potentially
- [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] is being taken to a secure location

[[Allister Hound]] digs into the geneology of [[House Hound]].

[[Arturo Basri]] tells the group about the journal he found.  It was the journal of our mysterious [[King Dodgio]].  KD is still around!!  He's bonded to something down here ... he is now immortal?  He is insane and connected to the circle.  He is "old and half blind".  He is also a dwarf ... or at least has dwarvish ways of speaking / thinking.

Excerpts from journal of Eros Glen Dower:
> ...expulsion of the cult of the dawnflower .. 
> ... He is "old and half blind",
   He is immortal, and no longer half blind
   sun-orchid elixer, must inform the circle immediately...
   "the circle is using me ... I shall not serve it, but rule it... our blood places us above the rest .... we shall be above the gods .. the circle seems to know all I do. "

The Journal ends with the author stating their intent to perform the ritual of immortality on themselves, and that they have destroyed their research.

### The party tucks in to some really dry reading books and the camera fades to black...

