# The middle years

### Princely Funeral Observations:
- during [[Prince Carrius Stavian - deceased]]'s funeral march we notice his bodyguard's body is also in the procession.  its covered in mud from being pelted by people along the way.
- princess has been betrothed to the lancer commandant ... something
- Martella is there in a lower social sphere
- doors close and the procession is over
### A Primrose tail
- #### *a blot of blood*
	- blood splatter induced by self harm, "squeezes out blood" onto egg
	- Opossum familiar - full of spite / hateful and violent against men
		- always has an icon of the three blood splatters / droplets she used to create it
		- actively seeks the sweet release of death ( suicidal)
- note:  magical source is a patron that Zarissa met in the woods ( The Lady of the Wilting Whale )
- note: Her family is dismissed from the Stavian house's service shortly after the Zespire funeral and is unable to find a position for several years
- ##### The Chill new Boss
	- family is later appointed to the house of Grand Duke and Dutchess Heskillar. (Grand Duke Borund Heskillar)
	- The Dutchess invites the Nocturne family to stay in one of their unused houses ( the Dower house)
	- The Grand Duke (human) is shunned because the dutchess is a dwarf
	- Prim is mostly always in tattoo form when there is risk of social contact
### Caritas and the no good horrible very bad day
- years later, summer afternoon/evening (around age 14), dueling in garden with his father / rest under the shade of a willow tree when we finish.
- Rysherian lord protector trained 
- Maderia - killed a ðŸ·  riffing 
- swordplay, technique, dueling
- Father says no predjuices or racism in Rysher - "keep our eys up and always chase the sun"
- family receives palace guards at the house, the adults have a conversation, hands out manacles, father is unarmed, Rene is shackled
- memory:  Man who shackles father is visibly unhappy about having to arrest father, father places his shackled hands on his shoulder to comfort him as he's carted away.
- relatives come over in reaction to event. - father was charged with theft and smuggling with enemy countries , father is willing to agree to charges under truth serrum 
- Madeira - tells me great things about Rysher, gives off military wife trying to convince children that their next move / job post is going to be great
- The day of father's sentencing:
	- glorian phalanx in uniform

inquisitor general feradica torcamay:
	tall big boned woman bedected in chains of military, dark red hair, silhouette rimmed in golden light.  

Earl Yander Merkondus:
- rat man with cane

Milon Jeroth:
- seen with the Earl Yander Merkondus

- truth serum is administered - The Earl limps forward and asks if father is guilty
	> I have distributed food and medicines to women and children of all that were affected by our Empire
	
	Turns the tables on the local government by publicly taking serum, but then says not guilty to breaking his oath.
- The penalty for this crime is discharge and getting banned from the country, but the court digs deeper
	- is it true that ... you made disparaging remarks against the royals in a tavern?
	- father looks surprised / shocked then says the following
	> 	You are my favorite person Caritas, ... keeps your eyes to the sky and never stop chasing the sun. (says to keep provenence), says beautiful words to Madira 
	- uncles hand on shoulder
	- brave words from dad, whispers "its alright ... I love you" to madira as the sword comes down	
	- uncle pulls me and Madira away
	- Abidar's Pillar (enormous tower) grand HQ of glorian military - on balcony watching:  Pythagorus is watching this event.
	- A few days later - women in black veil, princess eutropia, puts her arms around Carit while he cries.
	- (After the funeral Princess broke off betrothal to Pythagorus )
	- humiliating investigation (very public) into our private lives (they read carit's diary in public etc)
	- Madira - folds up on himself, overwhelmed by the events
	- Madira will never touch his cello again
	- our home / house farms etc are vandalized etc, government basically ignores us 
	- we become pariah's for a while, but Orlundo 
- Father was well loved person who was outspoken about us needing peaceful relations between Glorian and  [[Qadira]]



### The Galavant
- *A Conversation between Rhenquest + Lens Hill + Verlin Merosett:*
	- we open the scene with older brother making fun of Rhen...
	- last minute changes come in at the 11th hour in meeting with the count.  Len is sleeping on Rhen's couch, is woken by a hit from Rhen's leather ball.  He's still hung over from last night's exploits.
	- toothbrushes / brushing your teeth is made cannon in this universe
	- they play emperor's conquest aka fantasy chess/risk
	- Lens:  
		> ... My therapist says i'm not responsible for other people's feelings ...
- Rhen steamrolls her in this game
- Rhen has a gift for her, a beautiful ink set with lots of gold flecks in the ink
- decides to take carriage ride instead of teleporting because there's so much to see out there
- ##### Lens and Rhen go on a Galavant! 
	- R forges an invitation to the new Earl's party.  (the old Earl's brother) for the group
	- [[Arturo Basri]]'s Father is the old Earl's brother... Arturo's Father is now the Earl.  Whoa.
	- Arturo lets loose with Rhen and crew, in the morning Lens is found in bed with like four other people
	- Verlin gets a little misty eyed during their exit,
	- Lens gets IN to trouble and then Rhen gets him out
	- Picks up the languages of the empire (dwarvish, elvish, etc)
	- Spends time in the architecture, the culture, the peoples, gets to really KNOW the empire
	- learns to love this country
### Arturo Scene â­•ï¸â­•ï¸â­•ï¸â­•ï¸:
- Uncle has committed suicide but there's an undertone of "but who benefitted from this"
- (Arturo's mother discovered the body)
- the whole thing smells fishy
- a crate of a small vials of liquid showed up at the door - (potions to stave off sleep)
- after several crates of vials show up, he begins to catch a bad vibe about these vials.  "oh snap, Uncle isn't sleeping"
- vials were showing up as a 30 day supply "in advance"
- goes back to the "secret room" he discovered as a child )(a library)
	- finds unusual "encyclopedia-like" book on desk (messy and unusual for uncle) 
	- dozens of circles drawn on pages in this book
	- circles, circles, circles, circles, flip page: circles
	- library is FULL of books full of circles
	- "thassritoum"

### Tirri Meets a Man:
- She meets a man who is _moderately handsome_ , he's moderately moderate.
- aka - She meets a seven
- this guy has been showing up to every dance performance, approaches with a large bouquet of flowers for her.
	> ... wanted to say thank you for the performances, i've never seen anything so beautiful.
- they date, they court, fam approves ðŸ‘ðŸ¼
- this courtship ends up becoming a proxy war for wanderer thorn and her mother. Thorn disapproves and Mother approves
#### Tirri's Wedding Day Observations & Alister Scene
- mother clearly overextended to pay for this wedding to make it a focal point of the social season
	- bridal dance involving knives
	- Tirri is now a vice countess
	- Giant ice carving
	- people have been very artfully placed into acceptable social circles by a master of social dynamics
	- Alister is getting hit on at the bar by a man
		- is described as having alabaster skin the color of Mayonnaise 
		- gives his name, but I missed it.  He's "the idle rich"
		- (He's Elvish)
		- Would you like to come to the coat room with me.
		- Takes his hand and leads him to the coat closet.  They don't ever seem to get around to finding the coat closet.
		- Allister fucks Lucien Acier

### Rhenquest Scene
- several members of the family are gathered together
- politics discussions then his grandfather says...
> 	Rhenquest will be my senatorial proxy at today's vote
- He drops that bomb and then leaves the room as family explodes into conversations

### Allister Scene with Lucien:
> Lucien, we have to stop all this partying ...
- talk about merchant stuff about flowers and cost overruns
- "don't you dare close my flower shipping lane!  I'm old!" - countess clement
- receives a letter from the Lotheed girl (Martella)
- chats with Arther about the shipping lane and how they will try 

