# _The night continues_
> When we last left off, [[Rhenquist Merosett]] and [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] were in the room with [[Dame Trant]] who was threatening [[Senator Amadorian Dou]], who has her hand on her non peace-tied sword on the second floor side room on the senate floor.

## _The Party Rolls Initiative_
---
[[Arturo Basri]] - attempts to talk to gloriana with no luck he begins to make his way to the senate floor

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] - readies an action "message" -> sends a message to a security guard we met outside in line earlier. Kathanza Lar (security Guard NPC) 
**rolls a luck check** - success, she's in range!

[[Dame Trant]] - with hand on pomel of sword as a diversion cocks her hand back and attempts to strike [[Rhenquist Merosett]]

Thugs - do some thuggery on [[Rhenquist Merosett]]

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] 
 `pf2:1` Courtley Graces
> I'll have you know my cousin will hear of this!

_[[Dame Trant]] - is now frightened_
 `pf2:1` Stride
`pf2:1` Opens the door

[[Caritas Zespire]]
`pf2:1` Request- [[Duke Leonard Centimus]] - alert the guards, shit is going down!
`pf2:1`  Runs through archives ( critical success)
`pf2:1`  Runs through senate floor, up to second floor conference room and sees a strange man blocking the door to the room ([[Rhenquist Merosett]] in disguise), [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] is stru-thuggling in the background.  Oddly I he can't hear any sound coming from the room

---
[[Arturo Basri]] - (missed this)

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] - is stru-thuggling
`pf2:1` Escapes her asailant 
`pf2:1` Stride
`pf2:1` ? (might have missed this action)

[[Dame Trant]] - `pf2:1` demoralize, `pf2:1` attacks, something else (all faill)

Thuggery happens - [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] gets hit multiple times and slumps over unconcious

[[Rhenquist Merosett]]
- makes a society check - success!  
	- girl's heavy, insecure about her weight

[[Caritas Todo]]
- makes note of the "stranger" [[Rhenquist Merosett]] in disguise as he bolts off and then runs into the room
- watches [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] fall unconcious
- throws hands at the first thug he runs into who falls unconcious

--- 
[[Arturo Basri]] - 
- speaks with [[Martella Lotheed]] who tells him not to cause a panic because the floor will be evacuated
- gives her the 🧱 
- tells [[Wisilca the fabulous]] "I'll give you five gold to show your best trick!" (to cause a distraction)

[[Dame Trant]]
- frightens [[Caritas Zespire]] -1 to stuff
- strikes -> 13 bludgening to carit
- misses

Thuggery happens
- all the thugs missed

[[Lord Remilliard Kastner]]
- walks in, shoves [[Caritas Zespire]] to the side and says "What is going on in here!?"

[[Rhenquist Merosett]]
- notices the [[The Brass Chatterbox]] in the door frame
---

[[Caritas Zespire]] 
- vibecheck - nat 20 -> fight is basically over, others are ready to bolt
- holds action to trip [[Dame Trant]] on her way out

[[Zarissa Nocturne]]
- moves to heal [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] but takes an attack of opporunity from [[Dame Trant]]

[[Arturo Basri]]
- `pf2:1` Diplomacy - (critical failure)
	- attempts to barter with [[Wisilca the fabulous]] because he realizes he's spending money he doesn't have
	- Wisilca yells out that Arturo has candy and all the kids swarm him
- `pf2:1` Stride
	- (the children are difficult terrain) 🤣

[[Dame Trant]]
- attempts to exit the room but is tripped on the way out by [[Caritas Zespire]] who makes eye contact and makes a kissing lips gesture as she runs away 

---

[[Senator Amadorian Dou]] is grateful for our help, [[Caritas Zespire]] thanks him for supporting the premogeniture vote (to reverse it)

[[Caritas Zespire]] shakes [[Lord Remilliard Kastner]]'s hand and thanks him for his assistance in the fight as he leaves

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] wraps some bandages around [[Caritas Zespire]]'s waist ... Carit maybe likes it?

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] - casts some healing around the party!  

---

### As night continues ...

_In the Gallery_
[[Zarissa Nocturne]] runs in to the [[Grand Duchess Liomtraud Heskillar]] who is sucking down pink drinks in the Gallery. (unlocked a bonus for the party by succeeding on a roll of some kind but i missed it)She spots a sphinx cat behind a pillar, goes to check it out but when she rounds the corner nothing is there.

_Imperial Archives_
[[Caritas Zespire]] attempts to sway the archives with a diplomacy roll (doesn't succeed)
runs into [[Viscountess Nicodemus]] aka the oldest woman in the world who is just standing there stroking books.  

> THIS IS A LIBRARY! 

Carit goes full deer in headlights and freezes for a moment then slowly backs away.  Messages the group:  "Wow, Nicodemus is ... spooooooky"

[[Rhenquist Merosett]]
Runs into his Cousin Sopristian who is confident in his block upholding primogeniture.  Rhen assures him that he will vote in the interest of the family of course.  Sopristian makes a comment about Rhen's mother being a manipulative bitch (means it in a good way i think).

> ... Lens has always been a part of the family, and i think father agrees, wouldn't you think its time he be "naturalized"?

Sopristian is offereing that as a sweetener to hold strong with the family vote
##### _Meanwhile in the Courtyard..._
_We open this scene with someone making a soup anecdote..._
[[Lady Glorianna Morilla]] who has a truly magnetic personality makes a very delayed laugh to make a point.  She then has a private conversation with [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]].  Mentions that [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] has mentioned her and that she's looked forward to meeting her for a while.  They take a turn around the garden together.
[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] hands her a letter from [[Martella Lotheed]]. She reads the letter and writes two quick notes.  She then asks Tirri to deliver them to [[Duke Leonard Centimus]] and [[Martella Lotheed]].  

#### In the wine celler off the servant area ...
[[Arturo Basri]] finishes poisoning the wine using a syringe


---
### In the Gallery...
[[Zarissa Nocturne]] Influence the room!
### In the Archives...
[[Caritas Zespire]] - influences the room +1 with diplomacy roll
> Uncle!  I think i like politics! ... Oh dear .... 

[[Arturo Basri]] - makes arcana roll to influence the room adds a second +1 to our influence score for this room
### Elsewhere ...
[[Rhenquist Merosett]] see's [[Duke Panavar Lotheed]] sidle up to [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]]. They banter a little, they are clearly not friends. (annoyance and resentment) Pythareus boasts about his future and Panavar is nonplussed.

### In the gallery ... 
[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] heads to the gallery to deliver her note to [[Martella Lotheed]].
- Tirri successfully influences the gallery, which makes up for all the dancing she was doing earlier
- dishes with martella about [[Countess Abrielle Pace]] "that two faced bitch..."
- Martella instructs her to deliver [[Duke Leonard Centimus]]'s letter.

---
### _We hear of the [[Grand Prince Stavian III]] arrival and head to the Arcade of Triumphs_

Servants unroll a red carpet which rolls down all 100 steps.  Murmurs and gasps are heard as their grand prince's carriage arrives, opens, and he steps out.

Twenty years have passed since our group has seen him and the years have not been kind.
The princess has an expression of shock and dismay upon seeing her father here.  (she hasn't seen him since shortly after [[Prince Carrius Stavian - deceased]]'s death).

Stavian gives Eutropia a look of utter distain and welcomes [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]]'s aid as he helps him walk down the carpet and enter into a private chamber.







