
# Armasse Week
Week long "field day"

Final fights during the week!
Princess Eutropia vs Caritos
	- swashbuckler style  / (the stellarus influced)
	- princess kicks carit's ass but is kind about it
	- Carit's face goes beet red when she says he is a worthy opponent

Rene vs Pythareus- Rene won!

Tirri Kastner - Embroidery challenge - Success!

Zarissa Nocturne - gets invited to the feast!

Rhen - diplomacy / society check for GPS - sits and listens to his stories, but he was more interested in spending time with the adults.

Event closes with the Feast and grand ball:
- lots of weapons are equipped and on display
- the royals have their own table
- dishes are themed around the 11 acts of [[Thaeodaen]]
- an enormous wing of a bird is served
- Everyone is decked out in their finest (Allister looks the best)
- Arturo "breaks up" with Madame Palponia because he has a different dance partner tonight

The stellarza !
- Young Martella asks Zarissa to be her partner
- the dance begins ---
- PC's get a +2 to their dance rolls
- Carit - 15 for his first roll
- Allister Hound is viewing and judging everyone and see's Milon Jeroth adjust his pants (crotch area ... its very uncomfortable)
- Carit and Carius have a moment. they are friends now.  cute hug moment
- Rhenquest and Eutropia dancing - bond over not being important (in terms of lineage / line of succession) - "i am going to make it to rosanna one day"
- dance comes to an end ---
- Congrats all around, Rhen and Eutrope did the best
- Madame Palponia calls out the carr boys for missing that step
- Caritas notices the Nocturne fam having a moment. ( Mom is tearing up and waving to Zarissa)

The princess invites everyone out to the garden:
- statue of [[Thaeodaen]] on a pegasus
- we stumble upon some of the rhenquest bros being asshole to Martella
- eutropia headbutts thendrin's nose who then shoves the princess who falls into a water feature
- caritas jumps on then's back, takes a jab to the side and is then thrown back against a wall.  head cracks against the stone, and falls to the ground.  
- Tirri - pulls hairpin out and screams for help
- Rhenquist dives into the water feature after Eutropia pulls her out of the water
- princess pulls her epee
- Arturo yells "self defense punch!!!!" and nut punches one of the merosett boys
- Allister flicks one of the boys broken noses and gives a cutting remark, then takes a punch to the face
- prince carrius runs towards the melee with herogg running after him
- tirri knocks the wand out of - someone's hand
- Carit picks himself up, spits blood in his eye and punches him in the nuts while yelling "self defense punch!!!"
- Bartleby attacks Carit, 
- Carius gets pushed back into the pegasus hoof and hits his head. (blood flows) it was a big hit
- Gul Guisarne steps out of the bushes "well, aren't we in trouble"...


Cut to interior shot inside the palace.
- dragon head and sword that was used to slay it - wings spread around the fireplace (taxidermy) 
- Adults around perimeter - outright hostility. 
- Madira holds back Rene and keeps him from pulling out his sword
- Rhenquest uncle and Clement are screaming at each other
- doors to the parlour slam open .. "ENOUGH!" - enter Prince Stavian III "My only son is injured and I will hear what happened from the CHILDREN!"

note:   GPS - Likes stories and narrative, allegories will increase patience by 1, flattery rolls are treated as 1 degree higher, 
baiting or logic causes him to lose patience

	THE BATTLE "ROYALE"
	
- Carit:  "When the strong oppress the weak ... a good man will NOT stand by and do nothing!"  - fen pushed the princess into the pool (success)
- Tirri - Flattery of Stavian (failed)
- Zarissa - Rhetoric play -> (failed)
- Arturo - Flattery of Stavian : "your children are amazing fighters!"
- Allister:  "despite our efforts". Bartleby picked up a wand

- Caritas tries to make a bad allegory comparing the Merosett's to Cheliax tactics ... its a mess.  He's seven.  Its not well formed and falls flat.
- Tirri - used emotional appeal - its super effective
- Zarissa -> society / flattery -> 21!! GPS -> approves
- we win the argument!

- Stavian 3 :  "Next time, no children"
- everyone exits the room except the count and bartlebee, as we leave the room you see the count pick up a walking stick.  Sounds of screaming and loud cracks

- the children are collected later that evening by prince carrius. (Zarissa leaves her sister Velki in the drawer and notifies a nearby servant)

- the princess gives the party flower crowns that she made for us. 

- once alone, zarissa spots her mom walking into the woods.  where she steps the earth begins to decay in her footsteps.

- slips caritas's ceremonial dagger into marsella's kit with a note.  "i will make this world better for people like you."

