The party is bedding down in the small-ish safe room in the library.

- [[Caritas]] volunteers for first watch alongside [[Ser Guy Vastienne]]
- [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] and [[Lady Angelle Urbane]] are chatting away after the long day. 
	- [[Lady Angelle Urbane]]  makes travel journals.  Ser Guy recommends her journal from her time in [[Rysher]]
	- [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] is asked why she stopped traveling.  She responds that she might be getting back into it.
	- When Tirri asks if LAU is thinking about settling down, LAU glances at [[Ser Guy Vastienne]]]] and says "I hope not".  😬
	- with the reversal of premogeniture , LAU mentions that she might like to do more travelling
	- There is a familial expectation that LAU will marry [[Ser Guy Vastienne]] due to him saving her from pirates in the past but she doesn't seem thrilled about it
- [[Arturo Basri]] speaks with [[Imostos Gulbend]]
	- AB mentions that there may be a position for IG with his family if he's interested.  IG offers some awkward ... noncommital responses at first.  He expresses some interest and is grateful.  "What's it pay?" ... "Like you need someone to bathe you. That's what I did at my last job?"

- [[Caritas]] speaks with [[Ser Guy Vastienne]] 
	- fled from revolution with fam as a child
	- was lost, lord manshoon took him in
	- didn't even know he was in glorian empire when found

- [[Allister Hound]] slips out of the room and speaks with [[Factor 12]]
	- AH makes a request for additional documentation for "the ring".  F12 doesn't have any, king dodgio took everything related to that item

## The party drifts off to sleep ...

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] has a dream 
	- [[Wanderer Gayland Thorn]] appears in a dream across a meadow and her and Tirri hug it out.  "I was so worried, I kept trying to reach out and you were not asleep!"
	- The ladies appologise for something in the past that we the audience is not privy to.
	- Thorn says she will make her way to the capital as fast as she can.
	- Tirri mentions that she was just talking to someone about how she wants to get back out there and go a wandering again. (Thorn seems thrilled by this information).
	- "if you only put one foot in front of the other ..."

**thunder roars** and the party gets a message from [[Martella Lotheed]]

> Its safe to join me now Its located at the "Dig..." and the message cuts off

- [[Arturo Basri]] returns the Journal to [[Factor 12]] who is grateful for its return.
- [[Rhenquist Merosett]] requests the [[Everlight Crystal]] which F12 produces for him.
- [[Allister Hound]] notices that [[Imostos Gulbend]] has a bunch of glassware from a previous room.


---
### The party returns to the circle door that smells like whiskey

There are silver nobs that have keyholes.  Two keyholes one silver one gold.  The right side works with one of our keys, but the other does not.  The party realizes that we are still missing a key and that it may still be in the gazebo room.   The party circles back around to explore that room.


### The party returns to the gazebo room
Kori gave a big overview of the room description here, but I missed it.

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] identifies Erodin the God of Humans symbol on the statue

A mustached, glowing man hovers in front of us between the party and an alter. 
> Make a sacrifice or face my wrath

[[Arturo Basri]] donates 5 gold.  "SUFFICIENT!"

--- party rolls reflex save

A Cloud of glitter rains from the sky because either [[Allister Hound]] or [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] didn't believe he was magical or something

[[Allister Hound]] notices their robes are in line with the expected fashion, but their mustache doesn't fit neither do they have the correct eye color.  (expected is purple and this guy has green)

> I don't think this guy is legit

The projection guy reshapes his form to match the pamphlet that [[Allister Hound]] shows him.  "I think you need a beard maybe?"

The projection says that king dodgio left him some coins.
> Clearly this is not working ...

A very very short gray skinned man wearing a toga appears and struggles onto the top of the gazebo.

[[Vicar the high priest]] says that [[King Dodgio]] made him the high priest

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] uses her contract negotiator talents to work out a deal with Vicar.  

Vicar gives the party a bunch of "useless shit people give him"
- silver key
- 85 silver gems
- a predators claw
- 2 level 1 potency crystals

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] asks [[Vicar the high priest]] about his life and then invites him to join the party.  (Allister absolutely refuses)

The ooze is Vicar's pet.

The party leaves and [[Rhenquist Merosett]] leaves a note that says "please do not feed the tiny man"

---
The party returns to the circle door, opens it, and passes through.

### Inside the circle whiskey door room
inside is a 40' room with a collapsed wall on one side and a door on the other.

[[Arturo Basri]] walks through the door and as he does, the ceiling collapses. [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]], [[Arturo Basri]], and [[Allister Hound]] are under it as it falls.

[[Arturo Basri]]and [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] dive out of the way but [[Allister Hound]] is caught unaware.  He takes some significant damage. (about 7ish hp left).

[[Arturo Basri]] gives him some quick battlefield medicine to treat his wounds.

---
through the door is a "greeting room", faded portrait of some glorian nobles that's been vandalized. (silly mustaches on peoples faces etc.).  There are two further doors in this room.  Some shuffling sounds can be heard from behind the desk.

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] "Hello!?.."

A reptillian person appears pushing a squeaky cart.  
[[Mimips]] "I'm Mimips".
"opening my STORE!!!"  And they quickly set up a little stand / shop for us"

5gp for minor healing pot
5gp for an acid flask
Thunderstones
Bottled lightning
minor life elixers
8gp darkvision elixer
8gp expanded healers toolkit
15gp wand of gust of wind
5gp antiplague
5gp cheeta elixer

Mimips's dream is to get down to [[Thuvia]] and make a sun orchid elixir.

---
### The party goes through the door to the NE (the one that's haunted according to Mimips)
Long dark hallway lit by torch crystals in an L shape.  In the corner to the left is a statue holding a scepter pointing to a door to the east.

As we enter the hallway red thin circles are magically drawn in the air.

Suddenly the statue appears NEW and shiny.  The door at the end is now open to us.  When we peer inside we see a circular room with benches.   There is a man in the center of the room who looks like the statue.  There is a book on a podeum in front of him chanting.  (engaged in some sort of arcane ritual).  The speaking becomes more rappid as he recites.

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] uses a sling to try and hit him.  the bullet is stopped at the "door".

The caster appears to be losing control of the spell that they are casting.  A large rat skitters out from behind the benches.  The man locks eyes with the rat and he magically drags the rat towards him.  There is a flash of red energy and the man's body is gone.  The wooden floor is black except for the outline of this man's body.  The little rat is sitting in the spot where his body was.  It looks around with a human intelligence in his eyes and .

---

We open the door (which is now closed), and as it opens we hear a chittering and squeaking.  There are chairs and benches in strange positions.  In the center of the room is the reverse shadow of the man scorched into the floor.  Circular gouges are carved into the walls and floors.  banners are fluttering from the ceiling with circles torn into them.  And we are not alone.

As we enter, the chittering suddenly stops.  The rats are seated similar to the senate floor.  The large rat in the center is wearing rings and a wig maybe?  It clears its throat.

> I am king Dodgio the great ... the beginning and the end ... I knew someone was down here, the circles told me ...   With your help I can recreate the magic which killed my master ... 

He closes his book.   I see the paths that led you here.  circles within circles within circles within circles ... 

> Once I was like you ... a dumb uneducated beast ... I have studied his journal for over 200 years ... i read and i read ... circles circles circles .... _its soooo much more than a symbol_



