### The Exhaltation Day Massacre 
_scene:  Senate floor is buzzing with people_

### Senate speaker's voice is magically amplified
> Thank you all ... We will now be voting on revision stroke 14 ... the repeal of the ancient law of primogeniture ... 

_Quiet across the room as senators prepare to put on a show_

A senator stands and takes a suprising stance by starting fights with other countries and voting no on premo. (didn't catch the name)

Remillard Kastner - voted for overturning (I believe)

107 for 79 against - the adendum passes

Princess Eutropia is declared the heir to the crown and there is applause by the crowd.

Martella looks tired but happy as she catches eyes with PE.

Grumblings can be heard from the losers, but Martella approaches our group.

[[Allister Hound]] is given a letter to be delivered to [[Kalbio of Breezy Creek]] from his parents. (Kalbio's)

[[Martella Lotheed]] mentions that our efforts tonight shall be rewarded soon 

Sir Pristian approaches our group and asks for a moment with [[Rhenquist Merosett]] (his cousin).  Who then gives him a tongue lashing for splitting his family in two over this vote.

[[Allister Hound]] and [[Kalbio of Breezy Creek]] have a brief moment where they catch up on the vote outcome.  Kal breaks open the letter from his parents and asks if Allister will read it to him.

> ... My boy we are so proud of you .... watching you grow into a fine man over these thirty years ... secret kept from you ... we took out a second mortgage on the farm to pay for your schooling.  We're out of money and the money you send home from the sales of your paintings goes directly to paying that back.   Now that you've made it, we ask if you can help us pay this mortgage. 

Kal wipes tears from his eyes and Allister offers to help him out in the future with the writing and stuff.

( Allister slips 4 gold into Kal's pocket when he's not looking )

[[Martella Lotheed]]'s voice comes through the badge chat. 
> I've secured boxes for each of you tonight, I hope you enjoy the ....


Trumpets blast as Grand Prince Stavian the 3rd is annouced as he enters.   In the confusion [[Kalbio of Breezy Creek]] is swept up with his entourage and ends up on the elevated platform smiling and waving.

> Quite the assembly we have today ... 
> Today is about elevation.  It is no secret that today's vote today is about elevating others to a new state in life.  I'm sure that many of you have had a moment to meet Kalbio here... In fact, let me ask ... are there any who would oppose his raise to nobility tonight?  No?  A round of applause is given for this new member of the peerage.

_[[Arturo Basri]] notices that most of the guard tonight are non-Glorians._

> ... I imagine that today you are a grateful son, ready to make your parents proud .   I must admit I envy them.  It has been many long years since I have had a grateful child.  Nevertheless, your gratitude i'm sure is what makes all of this worthwhile.  I too understand what it is to sacrifice.  I have given a brother, a son, a lifetime of service, even my own daughter's loyalty.

** a deathly silence fills the room**

> ... but unlike you Kalbio ... **grumbles about various things**
> .. and THAT is why *stab* you will be *stab* the first *stab* to DIE *stab*
> That is why you ALL MUST DIE!> 


_We hear [[Martella Lotheed]]'s voice over badgeNet™_
> Unbind me!  What are you doing!!?? UNBIND ME!

_Eutropia pleads for her father to come to his senses_

The main doors momentarily burst open and [[Earl Calhadian Vernisant]] is seen in shining armor riding a fucking lion.  He charges the scrum, pulls his sword, and chops the head off a small child. 

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] see's his brother (or cousin?) Sir Pristian defending his mother

---
### [[Caritas Zespire]] hears a voice among the melee

> What are you doing!?!?! Draw ME!!!!

But in the confusion of everything I don't think he notices it

---

[[Grand Duchess Liomtraud Heskillar]] is seen saying to her husband:
> No i will not leave, [[Zarissa Nocturne]] is here I'm not leaving with out her!

She then races across the room and punched an assasin in the dick
---

---

[[Arturo Basri]] performs some quick battlefield medicine on [[Copernia Val]] and they limp together through the crowd
---

[[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] is seen fighting the sell swords
---

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] is waiting for his moment to stab the attacker of his mother and doesn't quite find it

--- 

[[Caritas Zespire]] rolls a natural 20!
Caritas recognises the face in the painting:   Its [[Senator Voritas]]
of house pegasis & serpant crest.  Rhenquest and Caritas together work out that he's wearing the armor of the 4th movement but that the timeline wouldn't work out for that.  He was MUCH much earlier in history from that.

Rhenquest discovers a bathroom and a grooming kit etc.  Its very very old, Rhen then goes through the east door and stubs his toe on the way in.

Allister gives four of us lit balls

[[Arturo Basri]] - discovers some preserved food and a repair toolkit

---
[[Caritas Zespire]] hears a voice in his head (the voice is saying things like "FINALLY!!"  "DRAW ME" "USE ME" etc)

We go through the next door, and [[Rhenquist Merosett]] discovers an embossed Voritas emblem on the wall behind a tapestry depicting the Voritas unicorn vs serpant.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] makes the connection that Senator Voritas was basically a WW2 enthusiast who had a painting of himself made.

Brass and Green glass on each wall of each room, [[Rhenquist Merosett]] figures out that its a light switch!

Caritas follows Allistar's directions to the 4th bed in the first room.  Sewn into the comforter there is a small hard lump.   Using provenence he cuts it out and discovers a small inelegant silver key.

