
# The party splits up to clean up before their tea party ...

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] is out shopping and she spots a member of the kitchen staff from the grand duke's house.  A halfling chef named [[Mrs Veera]].  She looks very guilty and is shoving something into a satchle outside of a Tavern named the drowsey dragon.

Some small talk occures around the events at the senate building ... "Oh you haven't heard?  The Grand Dutchess died, her husband has been asking everyone for gems".  We all have been looking for gems for him and ended up ... here.  And you should too as well... perhaps you can go inside and speak to the ... cold ... woman.   Everyone else in the Duke's household has ... you should go speak with her.

You look hungry here ... take a candy.  (hands her a candy).  And go inside and talk to her **waggles her eyebrows**.

Z walks up to the doors of the drowsy dragon.  The doors have a carving of a cute dragon that's gone belly up and as she approaches there is a transparent part that inflates like a little sleeping snot bubble.

Business seems slow at the moment, but she see's a woman sitting alone at a table.  She's deathly pale wearing a high lace collar, with ultra red lips and golden bright eyes who waves to her.   "Please won't you join me.. my name is [[beatrix poiroux]]."    The two sit and share a moment of smalltalk.

I am [[beatrix poiroux]] and *looks around* ... everyone knows who you are. You're just about the only devil in town.  I think i know more about you than most.  I know what you're looking for ... and i know what you want.  My master has sent me to tell you that you will not find any gemstones for your dutchess.  She shows a pin of a mountain with three shooting stars.  (The symbol of Viscount Ser Pristion).   She tells a quick tale of an ailment which affect tieflings ( possibly all of them?). 
Have your Duke bend the knee to my master and he gets his gems, you get a name to a healer who can help the ailment, and I get a tidy bonus so i can finally take that vacation river cruise i've been planning.

Zarissa recalls that the merasetts control an army of wizards. And so she knows that if the grand duke pledges his loyalty, then that master will then have control of those armed forces and so have an increase in power that far exceeds his station.
"And why not just shake the grand duke down directly?"  "Who better?  We think the Duke could be better swayed by someone he trusts and is loved by the house."  
She pulls out a copy of the wilted rose and slides them across the table.  Zarissa instantly recognizses her sister's handwriting as a primary source for the leaks on the duke's house..

BP threatens her with revealing her drawer sister as the author which would wreak all of their lives and then saunters off.

---
 [[Zarissa Nocturne]] heads to [[Allister Hound]]'s place.  The door opens to a very relaxed looking naked man who offers her tea. ([[Lucien Acier]]).  Allister grins and says "Do you see now why I keep him around?"  Zarissa tilts her head ... " ... yeah".    "Do ya need something?"
 
 **smalltalk happens**
	 - gran alive
	 - dutchess heskallar dead and duke is trying to find a gem large enough to bring her back
	 - dutchess died while going back to get Zarissa
Allister:  "What kind of gems are you looking for?"  She needs 525gp worth of 💎.
Allister asks Lucian if he has the gems.  Lucian says Allister should be playing HIM for last night.
... no gems to be had right now
Zarissa tells Allister about her meeting with [[beatrix poiroux]] and the meeting she just had at the [[drowsy dragon tavern]]

Z: decides to try with [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] next.
Allister offers to come with her, just give him ... two hours first.
Z shares her plans with him and tells him to catch up later.

Z makes an awkward exit.  The bois:  "Well she seemed nice. .. little prudish"

---
## Camera cuts back to Arturo at the bait and tackle shop
The "gone fishing / closed" sign is back in the window.
Arturo is waiting in the hallway, the gnome has headed back to the front of the shop.
Door swings open and a HUGE man enters.  White shirt with pushed up sleeves showing his THICC forarms covered with tattoos.  Finger tips covered with grease.

He introduces himself as a pathfinder ( I didn't catch his name).
Arturo introduces himself and shares that [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]] directed him here to find out more about the Pathfinder society.  He is not a fan of [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]].

[[Arturo Basri]]:  I have the opportunity of a lifetime for you.
[[Muesselo]] : Ok ... probably not the best time right now ... not sure with you're offering ..?
A:  Perhaps I scratch your back you scratch mine?  Tattoo's and all.

The head into his office.  A fine carpet and chair.  Old money but not well maintained. Large desk covered in piles of little mechanical widgets.  He shoves some items aside to make some room and sits in a chair.  "I make wayfinders for the society".

[[Muesselo]] : is skeptical and and tells arturo to stop buttering him up and to get to the p oint.

[[Arturo Basri]]:  This crossbow is [[dignitys barb]] and while fine, it is just one piece of many which can be found under the senate.  I understand your society has been having trouble getting in there?  Perhaps I could help you get in there and you can help me?   

[[Muesselo]] : wants nothign to do with politicos but grudgingly will deal with aristicrats, and wants to know how [[Arturo Basri]]'s politico's that he claims to have in his pocket are even still alive.
" if you know how to get down there ... ordinarily .. well ... with no senate there is no way to get senate approval for our legal work catagorizing magic relics ... well ... we probably don't need their approval."   Arturo agrees to show him how to get under the senate on a map and XXX agrees to tell him what he knows about The brotherhood of silence. (what Arturo is seeking).
>
> No doubt the brotherhood was part of what transpired last night but they were clearly just a part.  Andoran, chellish, caderian, etc.  The Brotherhood of silence and followers of FGyx  (a halfling god of assassins).  Gyx has a cult around town ... nasty little fuckers ... they follow a master known as "the child blade".  Do you remember that thing that happened a while back ... more and more people were turning up dead with tiny little stab marks and they said they were being killed by children?   It was quite out of vogue at the time to blame anything on the halflines, but we believe it was this master.  Curiously another halfling was killed in crown gate around the same time.  Mithara was her name.  The city guard didn't care because it was crowns gate, but it was FAR more blood than should have come from a halfling's body.  We didn't do any digging because we're not investigators ...  but that's all i know.

[[Arturo Basri]] expressed intrest in joining the pathfinder society
[[Muesselo]] says it'll take more than that

---

## Camera cuts to [[Rhenquist Merosett]] at the cathedral of coin.

A banker is currently leading a service.  
> A list of all the people who were confirmed dead is being read off in a rememberence ceremony.

[[Arch banker Deveer.]] is in his office balancing coins on a scale. "Oh, young Merosett how are you?".  How is your mother is she recoving well from her resurrection?  I was called over in the dead of night ... 

Rhenquist says he is here to make a withdrawl.  Deveer says that funny enough he just received a missing from [[Ser Pristinne]] has revoked access for him and his immediate family.  You are not alone however, as is standard during times of national emergency the church has frozen access to the accounts for most everyone as to prevent a run on the church bank.

I am sure that your uncle Ser Pristinne will take care of you during this troubling time however.  There's nothing to worry about.  In the meantime, we are providing some very modest food to those affected during this time.

Rhenquist is the first of our party to realize that our accounts are frozen and quickly attempts to sell an amulet he found under the senate floor.  (DC15 diplomacy check) - failed, but gets 15gp for the amulet.

---
## Things that happen before tea time

[[Allister Hound]] heads to the docs to work as a freelance translator to earn some income.
**rolls a 21 diplomacy check**.  He makes 8 sp.  But while he's passing a family begging on the street, he says "fuuuuck" and goes back and gives them the 8sp and goes home.

[[Caritas Zespire]] sells his [[cold iron buckler]] for 17gp

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] speaks with her mother about [[Wanderer Gayland Thorn]] and asks if she's in town.

---

### At the Golden Griffen Inn

The party approaches a marvels marble building.  Purple wisteria made of marble.

Party FitCheck:  
- [[Caritas]]:  "fine clothing". he's looking good.  Burgundy house colors and leather armor military cuts by a well known tailor.
- [[Arturo Basri]] basically same outfit but no tie
- [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] in a dress fit for "high tea"
- [[Allister Hound]] No wig but high wasted nice pants and a cropped tuxedo jacket with a little curl in his head. Carrying a cane for the aesthetic.
- [[Rhenquist Merosett]] overdressed but not correctly for the weather.  Wearing a heavy coat which is hiding his armor.
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]]: nice but plain outfit in dark navy blue

Large portrait of a former glorian prince with a fine plaque from the 3120s which states that he stayed in this building on that date.

Nobles are furiously gossiping in a smoking room nearby.

A servant guides us to a beautiful atrium with plants and flowers in full bloom.  They take us to a water feature in the center.  Nearby there is a large wire cage holding some exotic birds.  [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]] is not yet here, but the table is set for tea.  The servant tells us to help ourselves and this is all courtesy of lady morilla.

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] is jittery and worried looking
[[Zarissa Nocturne]] is looking angrily at Rhenquist.

[[Arturo Basri]] hands Zarissa [[King Dodgio]]'s spellbook.  "I think you could use this".

The party is concerned about finances and small talk is made.

---
[[Lady Glorianna Morilla]] enters wearing a black ensomble and appologises for the lateness.
Once the prince was felled the elfin guard was driven off and are cloistered (somewhere ... I didn't catch it.). Her allies from the pathfinder society were able to help her and [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] escape.  Our party recounts our adventures under the senate building.

[[Caritas Zespire]] confirms that [[Baron Nicolaus Okerra]] made it out safely.

Lady Morilla gives a sort of backhanded apology to [[Allister Hound]].

And now ... **she rings her finger around her crystal bowl of tea and it makes a discordant chord**. The liquid inside starts to shudder and then clarify into a vision of a vision of [[Martella Lotheed]].  (it a magic zoom call).

Her face is pretty messed up.  As we watch she's sliced in the face by a blade and flinches back. She is being held by someone and is being tortured.  

The party agrees to find Martella and meet back at the tea shop at sunset

--- 
The party receives a copy of the wilted rose #4 from some urchens.

---

The party goes shopping.

[[Caritas Zespire]] sells the baron's family crest and his cold iron buckler.  He and [[Allister Hound]] go shopping for runes and bucklers.

Both [[Caritas Zespire]] and [[Rhenquist Merosett]] gain +1 Runes for their swords.  Player Notes:  Doug and Nick will need to look those up and add to their player sheets once we have internet later.

---
Word comes back from [[Lady Glorianna Morilla]]. **The dignified repository** is where they believe Martella is being kept.  It was a safe house for Princess Eutropia.  There are guards posted outside and we assume there are more inside.  They "claim" they are hired security due to the chaos.  But it seems unlikely in the crown district.

