
## [[Imostos Gulbend]] pulls out a dagger and begins to stab [[Arturo Basri]] ...

**party rolls initiative**
- [[Arturo Basri]]
	- shields himself from imostos's attack, visibly thinking, shoots his shot
- [[Caritas Zespire]]
	- draws [[Provenance]], swings on imostos "We Trusted YOU!", swings a second time but imostos ducks out of the way
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]]
	- attempted to daze and then took a step back
- [[Rhenquist Merosett]]
	- draws rapier , skewers imostos and softly says "... I didn't." (following Carit's "I trusted you").  Imostos dies.
	- 
- [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]]
	- casts protection on herself (gives her a +1 ac)
	- softly sings a lullaby and casts guidance on [[Arturo Basri]]
- [[Allister Hound]]
	- casts two anthems and says "Girls, Get EM!"
-  [[Imostos Gulbend]] **is dead**
- Assassin1
	- moves in behind [[Rhenquist Merosett]] and swings on him, (all miss)
- Assassin2
- Assassin3
	- attempts to use a sling on [[Rhenquist Merosett]] and does 6 bludge as a small metallic object slams rhen in the head.
	- they turn and sling a second shot at [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] but miss

---
- [[Arturo Basri]]
	- casts `spout` between assasins 2 and 3.  his tattoo glows blue, tiny burst of water bursts all over assasin 3 dealing damage
- [[Caritas]]
	- rolls over assasin 2 and then straight slices them in half. (intimidating strike)
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]]
	- casts `needle of vengence` on assasin 1 - floating needle in a threatening position aimed at rhenquist does 6dmg on assasin 1
- [[Rhenquist Merosett]]
	- recalls knowledge:  - catches a glimpse of a small silver medallion of a black dagger that has a hole in the center. The symbol of the savior Gyx, the diety of thieves and liars. 
	- `dirty trick` on assasin 3, they get clumsy +1
- [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]]
	- casts `needle darts` on assasin 2 for 9 _piercing_ dmg
- [[Allister Hound]]
	- casts anthem (+1 attack)
	- casts a ward on rhenquist. (Whispers under his breath and his words create a shield around rhenquist)
- [[Imostos Gulbend]] **still dead**
- Assassin 1
	- turns and attacks [[Zarissa Nocturne]], makes three attacks all miss
- Assassin2 **dead** and in two pieces
- Assassin 3
	- slings on [[Caritas]] (hits)
	- slings on [[Zarissa Nocturne]] (miss)
	- knifes carit ( i think )

---
 - [[Arturo Basri]]
	 - any abilities ? nope
	 - devises strat on Assasin 3  and deals all the damage and kills Assasin 3 with crossbow
 - [[Caritas]]
	 - grabs the assasin and tries to trip him and get him on the ground.
	 - the assasin avoids the trip, and carit grows out "HOLD STILL!"
 - [[Zarissa Nocturne]]
		 - casts `daze` on the assassin and it kills them dead
 - [[Rhenquist Merosett]]
 - [[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]]
 - [[Allister Hound]]
 - Assassin 1 *dead*
 - Assassin 3 **dead**

---

[[bothas]] swings open the door "Its ok I'm here!"
_we find matching medallions of theymere gyxx_
	- 25 sp
	- 2 sp imostos hankerchief
	- 95 sp
	- 3 medallions of theymere gyxx (no value specified)
## Rhenquist reads the note found on the body ... (kori handed the paper to Doug)

> "Team 2, change of plans. During the Gala, keep a close watch over the guests ML just had a meeting with at the cafe. Our contract for the evening specifies we entertain both her ladyship and all of her guests. During exaltation, Team 1 will take ML someplace quieter. Your job is to see to it that her guests have an interesting evening if they are not napping after the festivities. If they are commoners, treat them to a tour of the river. If they are nobles, make certain they have a comfortable place to stay in the evening until we can make arrangements with their families for a safe trip home. I believe we can make use of ML's house in the city. She won't mind."

---

Rhenquist:  May I have some healing?
Tirri:  I CAN DO IT!  
Rhenquist:  Actually, i prefer the touch of Basri.

---

## The party stumbles through a door and find themselves in the kitchen of the senate building from before...

smashed plates, furniture has been thrown around, signs of the nightmare begin to appear as we make our way out.. bloody footprints, splatters on the wall, bodies were clearly dragged out of the building.  we pass dead bodies on our way out, the smell of decay hangs on the air where only last night the room smelled of perfume.

The senate floor is a place of devestation. the buzzing of flies, the fine chandellier has fallen to the floor and smashed to pieces.  A familiar chair is overturned and [[Duke Leonard Centimus]] lies dead.  [[Allister Hound]]'s grandmother's wheelchair is overturned, wheel still spinning.  The lion that xxxx rode in on lies dead, nearby an armored figure that rode it in on is dead.

[[Kalbio of Breezy Creek]]'s body lies where he fell.  (everyone thought he was dead and he was overlooked)

A Guard spots us:  "Is anyone in your party injured?  Are you ok!?"

[[Allister Hound]] rushes to Kalbio's body and cradles his head in his lap.  He appears to be performing some basic medicine on him.

Guard:  Did we miss one?  

More soldiers appear and carry Kal out of the room

Guard:  I'm [[Corporal Lander]] The city is under control.  We have taken the city under the direction of the high strategos.  Follow me.

Another guard sees the carnage and vomits.

Tirri requests permission to take xxxx 's sword back to their family.

Zarissa has found the body of her pet's family. She holds her badger:  "I'll get revenge for you" and slips the young girls bracelet off her wrist.

[[Andoran]] ambassador made it out.

[[Zarissa]] looks for signs of the grand dutchess, she spots some beads from her dress but that's all.

various dietys are on display but there are no obvious signs of healers in action. we infer that the healers have already done what they could and are expended.

meliss:  checks in on us

Trant walks up to us and thanks us.  House trant is at your service in the future.

Bothas is already striding out the door.

[[Ser Guy Vastienne]] speaks with us before walking out

Hat lady gives Tirri a sketch of our group.

[[Arturo Basri]] catches up with [[bothas]]:
	To survive our situation requires trust ... he tries to hand his sword to him and tries to inspire him to be a better person.  Bothes:  "well... i guess i can melt this down or something ... "

[[Arturo Basri]] heals [[Caritas]] again to stop him from bleeding all over everything.

---

we leave the building and begin to descend the grand entrance.  at the bottom we see an interesting site.  flowers in various colors have created a little memorial.  guards are blocking access to the stairs.  people have shown up looking for their friends and family / employers.  While the night brought chaos and looting the dawn brought mourning.

people united by grief and a love of their nation.  the crowds cheer as survivors make their way down the steps.  we hear snippits of rumors as we pass. 

We see Rhenquists brother [[Lens Merosette]] push through the crowds and slam into him with a hug.  Where have you been!? His Aunt nirvana died and was resurrected.  shocking.

folk songs are heard as Lens leads us somewhere.  A tall slender figure steps out in front of us (about a quarter mile away).  An elf woman with a long straight flow of silver hair and dark black pupils (full dark).  "Sorry to startle you" Allister:  "What's one more thing?".

I'm an associate of lady Glorianna Morilla.  (she reaches into a pocket and pulls out some notes)

By the time we look up from the notes she's gone.

---

### The Note
> My dear new friend,   In a night of unappealing surprises, the pleasure of making you'r acquaintance was a singularly delightful one. We simply must reconvene to continue gossiping about the bastard of Lethoed, whom I am sure will only continue to prove...challenging, shall we say, for as long as she lives and breathes. It would he my great pleasive to meet with you today to continue our conversation. I have taken the initiative of reserving the atrium of the Gilded riffin for tea at the ordinary time. There is so much to discuss. 
> - Lady Gloriana Morilla of the Sovereign Corint

---

[[Rhenquist Merosett]] returns home and Verlinn greets him. "She's alright ... it cost a fortune the arch bankers are charging a fortune for their services right now".  They hug again, "you didn't see it in the stars that I was dead?"  "I didn't see that you were alive either" ... Oh gods Verlinn i thinks is possible that i've made a horrible mistake... it didn't occur to me when i was down in the crypts, but ... second daughters and second sons ... i voted selfishly so she would be in line for the inheritance ... but i put fedren in line for the succession ... i didn't think this through ... i'm rambling ....   In the distance the camera hears whispers: "I can't believe you told him!"

Rhen opens the door to his mother's room and his mother is in the bed.  She stirs as the door opens and sits up against the head rest a bit.  "I never had any doubt that you would be fine."  "Sorry for not listening to you and running". "...I'm glad you're alive".   The glittering line of gemstone dust runs down her chest and most likely even further forever marking her injury.

"It suits you."   "Its my great desire that no one will ever see this".  "It was kind of them ... but i do wish they had been more consistant with their gems".  

They discuss his vote, and what will happen next.

---
So you have the princess's trust now.  You MUST continue to support her and make sure she is put on the throne.  This could be the answer to all our problems!  The spellguard can not be allowed to support pytharious.  Rhen and her hug.
---

[[Allister Hound]] goes to his penthouse.
His grandmother is there in a padded chair with his adopted father and Arthur.
Dutchess mutters something in her native tongue.  "thank gods that you are alright".
The baron okerra saved her but he wasn't gentle.  

There's genuine affection for each other.  Duke Clement claps his hand on allister's shoulder.
Allister asks where the family landed on the vote.  They confirm that they voted yes to overturn primogeniture.  They also mention that war is very lucrative.  They mention that the princess came by to see that he was alright but they didn't know.  Also [[Lucien Acier]].  They mentioned that she's been making the rounds around the city.  

Lots of playful banter back and forth between the dutchess and Allister.

---
Allister heads to [[Lucien Acier]]'s place.  He knocks and the door swings open.
"You're Alive!" ... "I opened a door and like ... 40 daggers hit me..."  And I think ... we should ... get you bathed ...
---

[[Viscountess Tirri Kastner-Caleo]] heads back to her mom's.
"oh viscountess, you're alive!"  We're all waitign to hear what the grand prince has to say about what happened!  Is this blood on you!?!  XXX Call the healers in!  Tirri calms her down and reassures her that she's alright, and mentions that she has decided to embrace her faith and continue down the wandering path.   Tirri whispers that the grand prince is dead and that the senate voted to overturn primogeniture.  That she was teleported below the senate floor. She takes a nap on her mothers bed.  

---
[[Arturo Basri]] heads back to his place and does some drugs to stay awake.
(succeeds his con check) and fights off the effect of this addiction for this time.

He does some snooping around town before tea time and does some digging into the pathfinder society.  Someone warns him off.  The baker still bakes and people still need what they need, life goes on...   They refer him to a bate and tackle shop across town under a bridge that could use some help from someone reliable.   Its run by a small gnomish woman.  Ah finally a customer!
... No paths needing finding then?   She ducks inside and flips the store sign from open to closed and waves him inside.  As soon as she realizes he's not a society member she flips the sign back to open and says "well.... soooo uhhh... what are you looking for ... worms .. crickets?"
...  

[[Caritas]]
Goes back to the brothal where he's staying to get cleaned up and have a heart to heart with this sword.  long heartfelt converstaion.  Sword wants to be wielded by a man of honor. 
Sword:  "Are we in a brothel?"  Carit:  "Yeah, you wanna get rubbed down with some oil?..."
 

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] heads to dutchess's house
The dutchess's husband is searching for a gem of quality so that the dutchess can be healed.
He's angry because he's so far been unable to find a gem of sufficient quality and no one in the city will sell him one.  The dutchess is dead because she went back for Zarissa.

Drawer sister:  "Is that blood on you? Who even ARE YOU right now?!" ... "Zarissa ... the dutchess is dead ... what will happen to us?" ... You need to eat!  Take this orange roll!
Zarissa moves with purpose out the door...





