We open with an exterior shot of the tavern which is currently on fire and has fireworks still getting set off.

Arturo stumbles out ... Wow that ... got out of hand quick ... 
> Arturo!  What did you do!?  Is the tavern on FIRE?!  ARE THOSE FIREWORKS!?? What the hell happened?!!!

...

The gang has Morell and Carina reload the carriage and we GTFO.

---

interior of the carriage
- talk about the hellknights for a bit
- [[Allister Hound]] shows the painting/sketch that [[Abbey Toblescloth]] gave him to the crew
- an uncomfortable night's sleep (the whole party is _Fatigued_)
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] trades places with the servants at one point to give them a chance to sleep

---
pear / fig / pom's / sheep / fields gives way to rocky outcroppings, roaming goat herds, wild goats leaping along

### The city of old Saheir _(say-here)_

- perfectly preserved city from old glorian empire
- uncovered 150 years ago in perfectly preserved condition
- discovered by hellorial (aged glorian archeologist) wrote a book: "unearthing old Saheir".
- imagine "Old Williamsburg" civil war reenactments etc.
- like a perfectly preserved roman city in italy
- people are wearing togas
- Old lSaheir is actually "150 years old" but its all a sham.  
- Dwarves and Elves who are old enough to remember the sham don't even bother trying to refute it anymore because they're sick of glorians.

---

### The bath house
- downstairs
	- mixed gender section, segmented gender sections for nakedness
	- water is scented / citrus / fig
	- dirt and tension from the road releases 
	upstairs
	- similar but more exclusive / fewer people / better smells / better set dressing
	- attended to by servants (very high quality) the people who work here take pride in what they do and take pride in preserving their history

- [[Arturo Basri]] & [[Zarissa Nocturne]] talk about her tattoo
	- Did primrose exist before you, or was she created by the tattoo?
	- Prim existed long before Z
	- Z can put prim back into the tattoo.
	- Arturo confirms that an artist did not GIVE her the tattoo, it was attained another way.
	- Arturo is trying to understand "how magic works", and his tattoo allows some healing, so he was trying to drill down into that.

[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] to [[Tirri-Kastner]]:  What "weren't" you able to do during the last 20 years?
- master social intrigue
- natural science
- Have you failed at things Rhen?
	- "I think you know what I failed at"
	- unable to dance

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] is taking the pulse of the people downstairs
- mostly talking about their journey's here
- nothing about hellknights
- "families on vacation" - this is THE destination for a lot of these people (saved for years to take this trip etc)

---
### The Inn at Old Saheir
- lodgings were paid for by [[Martella-Lotheed]]
	- She set us up with suites
- Beautiful frescos depicting various glorian empire things
	- 
- large shallow reflecting pool.  it calls to [[Tirri-Kastner]] 

- The party goes to their rooms
	- each room has a fresco depicting a moment of history
	- R's has the Empress standing in a city with assassin's kneeling in assassin's garb. (They were so struck by her beauty and grace and her absolution was so total that they remaining assassin's threw themselves at her mercy and this was the creation of "The Ember Blades")
	- [[Allister Hound]]&[[Zarissa Nocturne]]'s room has Empress and a skeletal angel with some flowers - depicts the goddess of death who sent her minions to collect the soul of the empress.  She struck a bargain with teh godess of death.  She produced three perfect undying lilies to prove that her gift was divine.  each lily was given in exchange for a boon.
	- [[Tirri-Kastner]]'s is empress standing in front of a wall.  cassamere (in south tandak) wall is riddled with thousands of arrows, but she and her army are unscathed.  an army of chelled's is shown with their spears lowered.  Depicts a moment of the chelleds laying seige to cassamere.  Em walked out of hte city and shamed them into submission.
	- [[Arturo Basri]]'s shows Em with a massive six headed lion with its head in Em's lap.  There is a massive dagger in the lion's side.  The lion is a depiction of the grograsant.  mythic lion beast that appears to test heroes.
	- [[Caritas Zespire]] -  Abadar (god of civ). giving Mantle of Empire to Em


---

### Into the badlands
- abandoned ghost towns
- dead landscape is the results of 5k years of deforestation of the verdigris expanse
- cassamere big shipyards fed by the lumber industry
- druids that lived there were not happy about it
	- treaty of the wildwood - empire created boundary lines in exchange for no wars
- pockets where nature is slowly returning
- we hear Carina yell that something is spooking the horses
	- horses are stamping their feet
	- zarissa - smells
	- C and A - see a hulking form
	- A forrest troll - brute slathering - flesh endlessly regrows, bottomless hunger
		- electricity or fire deactivates its regeneration
		- bezerker beast - if strikes 2x during a round on an enemy it gets a third one for free
		- party fights the troll,
		- [[Arturo Basri]] & [[Tirri-Kastner]] light it on fire
		- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] gets the kill