

### The Joust

- Arturo:
	- dismounted, opponent shatters their lance on him
- Titas vs Sittas
	- horse comes out high stepping (titas)
	- sittas comes riding out side saddle

### The Truco Field
- sepsidia is sipping something off on the side lines, her mother goes first
- the archbanker looooooves gossip.
- Tirri and The Archbanker talk
	- AB doesn't care who is on the throne, but it needs to be decided quick.
	- she seems to admire the high stratagos
	- she loves to hear about people who admire unity and law across the empire
	- very lawful 

- Rhenquist speaks with the mother and asks her to introduce him to the wig boob girl
	- wig boob girl has not been introduced to anyone yet... wig boob girl is rumored to be the count Bartleby's paramour
	- Purple finch introduces Rhen to wig boob.  WB has a very breathy voice and a lot of cleavage.  
	- Tell me Rhen , what do you think of me aesthetically?  She's wearing high fashion Galton attire.
	- WB is actually attending the event in place of her relative who is pregnant and could not attend.
	- WB - society, lore glorian empire, diplomacy, and perception <-- things you would use to influence her
- Zarissa speaks to Sepsina Crabbe
	- She's just sitting there catatonic watching the flamingos
	- zarissa approaches with her badger
	- SC is seriously depressed
	- Dame Crabbe is clearly worried about her daughter.  (she's depressed / omg she's going to be an old maid etc etc)
	- Zarissa does a quick arcana-ish check to make sure this girl hasn't been hexxed or cursed etc.. there's something going on with this girl but not sure what's up yet.

### Truco Game Deux
- WB gives Rhen a "favor" from her cleavage
- *click click click* go the little wooden hammers and we hear a golf clap from the crowd
- Rhen WINS



---

### The Joust Continues
- Arturo vs Lady Mona Sittas - she hits him hard but he remains seated
- Caritas gets ROCKED by Titas. (Nick rolled his third nat 1 in a row tonight).
- Caritas Wins his round with Lady Mona Sittas
- Arturo bets 5 gold that Carit will win his match.  Eldrin Vael takes his bet.  Arturo wins and we hear a YAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSS!!!!
- Arturo and Titas both wiff in their round
- Arturo vs Caritas:  wild results
	- they both hit each other with incredible hits.  Arturo full on crits with a nat 20 , Caritas gets a dirty crit.  Both fail their "stay on the horse" check by 1 and both fall from their horses.

---

### Meanwhile on the Truco field
- zarissa speaks with Dame Parthena Crabbe
	- Crabbe is a tribune of Moost
	- they speak of her daughter
	- awkward moment when Zarissa brings up the daughter, she says they should speak about it another time.  Perhaps when they are back on her estate.
- Rhenquist speaks with The [[Earl Yander Merkondus]] 
	- The man who presided over the execution of [[Vice Count Rene Malbec du Valle]] the father of [[Caritas Zespire]]
	- Merkondus is on his way to yanmas and stopped in while he was here
- Tirri speaks with the arch banker again

---
### The Joust concludes
Okerra receives a loral crown and a bunch of hydrangeas which he gives to his daughter

---

- Eldrin Vael crucifies Tirri in a conversation.
- EV is Chellish

---

### The history of Morat County
Bartleby gives a speech

county of Morat established on courage, kindness, when a squire ... **starts walking** ... so grateful was the lord to his squire that he swore to give the county to him.... and that county is ours.  Morat.  ...  

Arturos eyes go wide and he launches himself forward up the stairs like he's about to attack bartleby.. he tackles bartleby just as B's toe trips a thread on the stair.  There is a *thunk* as a crossbow bolt strikes near his head.  *Arturo cries out "Its a trap!"*.  People cry out and .   Three black swans feathers.
