---
title: "TK vs Vaelisse: Ser Kadian Arrives"
date: "2026-02-24"
type: session
description: "TK confronts Vaelisse about trapping people in dreams — philosophical argument about the ethics. Vaelisse reveals someone is feeding on Carit's father's despair. Ser Kadian bursts through the window — TK info-dumps about Vaelisse to the party. Kadian explains god non-compete clauses. Allister gives himself a mirror pep talk."
session_number: 38
tags: [plot-twist, relationship, character-development]
locations: [[Swanmere]]]
---

## _The Pullout_

The party decides to pull out.  (They get a solid night's sleep before going back in).
We come to conciousness with only a few hours having past while we were in the dream.
[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] is still fast asleep with vines coming out of his mouth.

Arturo takes umbridge with the owl man. ( Ser Cadian )

---

## _TK vs Vaelisse_

[[Tirri-Kastner]] & [[Wanderer Gayland Thorn aka Vaelisse]]

> "oh you came!" [[Vaelisse]] - "I came to tell you i'm not coming" (TK)

They have a philosophical argument about whether or not its ok to trap people in dreams for her benefit. (to grant her power)

[[Wanderer Gayland Thorn aka Vaelisse]] mentions that someone else is drawing power from [[Caritas Zespire]]'s father's despair and torment. 


[[Vaelisse]] makes [[Tirri-Kastner]] an offer:  Embrace the hag, join me and become stronger than you could ever imagine...

[[Tirri-Kastner]] isn't ready to take the plunge and declines the offer, making an enemy of [[Vaelisse]]

---

TK comes back and the party checks in with her.
"Bad news for you caritas ..."  "I turned down incredible power" ... *confusion*
[[Caritas Zespire]] finds out that someone (an anguish hag) out there is feeding on his father's pain and agony

## _Ser Kadian Arrives_

**CRASH** - [[Ser Kadian]] bursts through the upstairs window into the room there

The party rushes up to see him.  

Tirri, Zarissa, and SK have a quick discussion and welcome him back.
	- TK info dumps the info she just learned about [[Vaelisse]]
	- "The Hag that created this abomination *points at sleeping Rhenquist*" is a problem, but i have more pressing things to do.
	- [[Allister Hound]] - examines the bird knight, it _looks_ like the one we saw last night
	- TK and SK go for a walk to have a private conversation (Allister acts as an honor guard, but stays out of earshot)
		- SK talks about the balance of power in the universe and how some of them are soldiers in a war trying to keep the other gods in check and the closer they are to one god, the less they are allowed to influence this world.  The god Elodin for example can not simply use their power to wake the sleepers because it would impose their power on another god's domain. basically that the gods have a clear demarcation and they try not to infringe on another god's domain. Basically they have non-compete clauses.
		- TK asks about her dedication to Elodin when she was a baby ... 
		- SK isn't sure it really matters which god her parents dedicated her to, its more about what *she* chooses.
		- SK  I have another question for you... do you think that Queen and Preen rhyme in a way sufficient enough for my grandure...

--- 
## _Arturo and the Domovoi_

camera cuts to [[Arturo Basri]] talking to three very disappointed Domovoi trying to explain all the broken windows .. 

---
## _Allister's Mirror Pep Talk_

[[Allister Hound]] has some alone time in front of a mirror before we dive back into the dream.
- "She was right... you have been a friend.. yet... you could be a GOOD friend ... you ARE a good friend no matter what you say about them... you try.. you don't know them and they don't know you... "  (He gives himself a pep talk in the mirror)
- *has a moment of reflection in the mirror* :  "You're kind of a shitty person.  When was the last time you said something nice? ... ... "
- DM - gives out hero points to Allister and Tirri

---

## _Back into the Dream_

- The party wraps ribbons around their eyes and travels back into Rhenquist's Dream
The town is nearby, the forest is covered with autum foliage.  [[Marjorine Sandaris]] is sitting there, feet together, knees up.  Just gazing over Stacheys as it currently is.
One thing sticks out.. the mouth of a cave in the distance, becoming to us.

The lady [[Marjorine Sandaris]] speaks with the party.  She seems ready to understand her situation and asks the party to explain the situation.  Made into undead by Tarbafon, she struggles with the idea of waking up and being _undead_.

---
## _The Crystal Palace_

the party steps into the looming crystal palace
- the ground trembles as we walk in
- fractures web out as we walk through the halls
- upon the top of the dias sits an empty throne and a bunch of empty chairs sitting behind it.
## _Rhen's Dream Throne_

- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] kneels beside the chair.  Now faceless and a waxy figure.  slumped over like a marionette with its strings cut. 
- There is a smaller throne where Eutropia was sitting.  Now its [[Vaelisse]].  dead eyed and plasticy looking.  slumped over in her seat.  a mystery that [[Tirri-Kastner]] rejected the answer to.
- As we walk in, the [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] is wailing.. bring them back, what have you done, etc.
- [[Allister Hound]] - if i may... this is a great hall ... *begins **a** totally unhinged rant that quite frankly i'm still not sure about.... something like... hey, we're your friends and we're going to kick your ass and kill you till you die and come back home with us?*
- "My life hasn't always been rainbows and sunshines ... ok, maybe rainbows ... "
## _Allister's Persuasion_

- **allister makes a critical success on his persuasion check** on Rhenquist
- Rhenquist stands, grips his scepter with both hands ... and says he is going to wrest this dream from us and take it back. 

The fight begins!
- [[Marjorine Sandaris]] runs up and attacks Rhen
- [[Arturo Basri]] 
	- any weaknesses? no.
	- devizes a strat
	- reloads crossbow
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] - casts the albatross curse on [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- [[Caritas Zespire]]
	- unsheiths his blade
	- dashes up to [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
	- "RHEN! WE DONT HAVE TO DO THIS! WE DON'T WANT TO FIGHT YOU! JUST COME HOME WITH US!  YOUR FAMILY IS THERE, LENS IS THERE, YOUR SISTER ... V.... Vera?  FUCK!"
- [[Tirri-Kastner]]- casts forbidding ward on [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- Rhenquist showers several players with heart shards which cause damage, and make several of them clumsy (visual:  gemstone shards get embedded into player bodise)
- flicks his hand, and several chunks of the diamond floor raise up and telekinetically are flung at 
- [[Tirri-Kastner]] heals the hell out of [[Zarissa Nocturne]] for 40points
- [[Marjorine Sandaris]] pivots and strikes [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] again then casts armored courage to gain some temp hp
- [[Arturo Basri]] moves up, looks [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] in the eyes and says "bang", then misses his shot
- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] attempts to convince [[Marjorine Sandaris]] to join him and preserve the dream.  [[Marjorine Sandaris]] refuses
	- attacks both [[Caritas Zespire]] and [[Marjorine Sandaris]]
	- attacks [[Marjorine Sandaris]] with a gem based attack
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] summons the void and attempts to warp
- [[Caritas Zespire]] can't seem to bring himself to strike [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- [[Tirri-Kastner]] casts silence on [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
- [[Allister Hound]] - bon mot's Rhen
- [[Marjorine Sandaris]]
	- lockdowns Rhen
	- taunts Rhen
	- Demoralizes
- [[Arturo Basri]]
	- crossbow
	- swaps to his sword of summer
	- casts shield
- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] 
	- does an area effect dmg that hits everyone but allister and zarissa
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] 
	- casts paralize on rhenquist
	- casts needle darts
- [[Caritas Zespire]] still can't bear to attack Rhen
- [[Tirri-Kastner]] casts guidance on arturo
- [[Marjorine Sandaris]]
	- locks down Rhen (it crits)
	- makes Rhenquist frightened 1
- [[Arturo Basri]]
	- devises a strat - bad roll 
	- casts ignition and does a bunch of fire dmg
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] 
	- Zarissa's Badger ends up taking down the Emerald Emperor
	- "The warm wet nose of the badger"

The crystal palace falls apart and collapses into dust, the witches garden and mead hall, the various places we've encountered are sucked in as if it was a black hole.  All of us quickly realize that we will shortly be expunged from the dream.

Rhen awakes, ... "you can't send me back can you?"

The gold head of the sceptor remains in the bed. (DM provides a handout with a kickass magical staff)


