
# _Rova 19,_

_camera opens with Allister asking [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]_

- [[Allister Hound]] - checking in with Rhen asking if he's ok.
- [[Arturo Basri]] - comments on how that bought us another month of safety from [[Marjorine Sandaris]] coming back.
	- [[Caritas Zespire]] asks [[Tirri-Kastner]] if that's correct
	- [[Tirri-Kastner]] isn't sure, not sure if she can believe everything her mentor said
	- [[Allister Hound]] is glad she made the choice she did, but it would have been nice to have access to all that new power
	
[[Ser Kadian]] - reminds the party that he is here.  Asks why the doors hurt.
[[Caritas Zespire]] - mentions that we should build him a special entrance
	- asks SK if he would be interested in a hag hunt
	- SK responds that my task is my own (essentially)
SK asks [[Tirri-Kastner]] what choices she thinks she will be making in the future (hag path vs Elodin's devine path)
	- TK feels that she is on the holy path of Elodin
	- SK mentions that in the future if we kill the hag that is drawing their power on the sleepers, they will wake. 
	- SK's suspicion is that the hags can keep a sleeper under and in good health, but. only for the duration of their normal lifespan
[[Tirri-Kastner]] asks SK for some hag killing advice
	- SK: is largely unhelpful, 
SK checks in with [[Arturo Basri]] 
- AB isn't doesn't great, gods have marked him for death, and he's under a lot of stress
SK - "if we do intend to strike the hag down and free the dreamers ..."  
- he would like to offer what assistance he can
- unclaps a star knife he was carrying, dark blue polished stone with shimmering fragments [[Guiding Star Knife]]
SK takes his leave out one of the holes he made in our walls previously

[[Allister Hound]] - suggests that in the future we shouldn't piss off our potential allies
- [[Arturo Basri]] - hates the gods and isn't really on board with keeping things quiet
- [[Caritas Zespire]] - tries to reinforce the point that we kinda need allies even if we don't like them

---

## Downtime begins

[[Rhenquist-Merosett]] - alone in room
- he's finding sleep difficult
- soft knock on his door, creaks open and the head of [[Pace Kinsey]] pops in.
	- saw the light on so he thought to check on him.
	- says he's having trouble sleeping as well.
	- has a question for [[Rhenquist-Merosett]].  Asks him if he knows how to read.  Asks if he will read something for him.
	- Pace pulls out an old leather bound book from behind his back
		- embossed title : **The Peltry Fables**
		- His grandfather just ordered some new books for the lord of swanmere and this one has a lot of pictures in it
		- halfling hero named peltry.  lots of gets into trouble, giant raccoons, its a childrens book of stories.
	- Pace falls asleep as Rhen reads to him.  Rhen realizes is a children's book from [[Andoran]] that the boy's father must have ordered for lord [[Allister Hound]]. (its also important to [[Cheliax]] as halflings are enslaved there.)
	- Rhen slips out of his bed and tucks the child in, and moves to a nearby chair and begins journalling since he doesn't think sleep will be coming any time soon.  He may journal until morning.
- morning comes and lens and verlin arrive.  Verlin sensed poor tidings for Rhen and they booked it back here

---
[[Caritas Zespire]] receives a letter from his Family House Lead:  The Duke Felinax Zespire II
- [ ] todo:  [[Caritas Zespire]] needs to respond to the Duke ASAP
- [ ] todo: The date that carit is going to say is the 15th-17th of Rova for the engagement party weekend

[[Allister Hound]] - lothidar to see bartleby, wants to grab a gift
[[Arturo Basri]] - lothidar for shopping
[[Caritas Zespire]] - voinarus to see voinum
[[Zarissa Nocturne]] - researching stuff (nick: I missed a bit here during spreadsheet discussion)

- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] addresses the elephant in the room
	- acknowledges that we all now know his most intimate memories and he feels naked
	- "he just wants to be loved and wants someone to love him"
	- TK offers him an apology for putting him into the dream. She didn't know the full extent of what they they were doing.
	- [[Caritas Zespire]] 's engagement party topic comes up and he fills the group in on some of the details of that and expresses some vulnerabilities around there.
	- Rhen also mentions his encounter with [[Pace Kinsey]] and the book
	- TK- offers [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] one of her bracelets:  a [[psychic warding bracelet]]
- [[Caritas Zespire]] - brings up the topic of the [[emerald Emperor's Scepter]] and asks him what he would want to do with it.
	- [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] says to do with it what we will, he's fine

---

After breakfast [[Lens Hill Merosett]] comes to see [[Rhenquist-Merosett]]
	- checks in with Rhen to make sure he's ok, 
	- rhen spills the tea that TK's mentor is a hag and they dish for a bit
	- "Did they see that night in oosalav?" "No, they saw a dream version of it ... it was quite different"

---
## Lothidar

- [[Arturo Basri]] shops
- [[Allister Hound]] arrives at lothidar and the [[The Palace of Birdsong]] and is greeted by [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]]
	- they flirt
	- B boasts about the quality of his chefs
	- [[Allister Hound]] gives him a gift: a monogrammed roll up toolbag
- **group cutting up**:  
	- "What's he wearing?! "
	- "Assless chaps!" 
	- Doug:  "I've got some ASStral knowledge for ya!" 
- [[Allister Hound]] 
	- asks permission to use the library, B agrees
	- brings up "the bridge" question
		- B: "here's the thing, I don't deal with that level of bureaucracy, I delegate those responsibilities to others more ... suited to those tasks"
		- B (in confidence) I don't feel a great affinity to Abadar, and instead i have entrusted those responsibilities to [[Ser Gul Guisarne aka evil legolas]]
		- B also gives a heads up that [[Ser Gul Guisarne aka evil legolas]] will probably be reassessing the town of Stachys taxes as well.
		- Hints that [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] may be visiting the [[The Palace of Birdsong]] soon ™ .
		- B says he's quite pleased with how [[Stachys]] is coming along
- [[Allister Hound]] - manages a successful influence check on [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]]

---
- [ ] todo - [[Caritas Zespire]] needs to pay 1gp for a nice bottle of wine
- todo before next full moon - this is an order
[[Caritas Zespire]] & [[Baroness Adella Voinum]] have a really really big heart to heart during his visit:
-  AV - is the one who reported Rene's conduct at the bar that night where he mouthed off about the prince (which got him killed)
- AV - also had a father that tragically died
- AV - says she can see the blind rage behind caritas's eyes even though he tries to hide it
- AV - says that if he's going to kill her she asks that he use the blade she's carried for the last xx years in the service.  [[Caritas Zespire]] notices that she's dressed wearing her uniform, she really thought she might die confessing this
- Caritas is angry ... but he doesn't blame her specifically. If it hadn't been her it would have been someone else to report him.  He knows who is to blame.
- There is a silent agreement between them

---

- [[Allister Hound]]: So [[Arturo Basri]] "So what's your deal man?"
	- [[Arturo Basri]] and him talk about tattoos and party members
	- the two discuss the [[Nightswan]] and whether Art has any ideas as to who it is
	- [[Allister Hound]] - mentions [[Ser Gul Guisarne aka evil legolas]] could be coming to [[Stachys]] soon
---


The pub opens before the 22nd

- The town of [[Stachys]] is now a level 3 town! 
- [ ] todo - ( each player gains +1 OP point btw)

## The rest of the wolf
The work on the pub completes, 
- [ ] todo - Document the pub completion details, and the upcoming swallowtail festival

---

## The Swallowtail Festival
 [[Selly Okerra]] [[Baron Nicolaus Okerra]] are in attendance

- [[Allister Hound]] and [[Onora Piscum]] are running the bar
	- piscum talks about people's dreams (its sweet), these people been struggling for too long, its nice hearing them dreaming again.
	- A asks her what she's dreaming about: "gosh i dunno, for so long i just dreamed about keeping this place afloat ... i didn't take the time to think about my own dream.. although... having a pub that's not in my living room is a good start!"
	- OP: Says she wishes the rest of the higher ups that run this empire were more like him
- [[Caritas Zespire]] - at some point during the festival will be the guy in the dunk tank
	- for the most part villagers take the apples and walk off eating them.  "You expect me to throw this?  This is good eatin!"
- [[Allister Hound]] gains a blessing to his performance +1 permanent plus one to his performance bonus
- [[Baron Nicolaus Okerra]] asks [[Rhenquist-Merosett]] about something fish related, and Rhen has absolutely no idea, but they have some fun banter anyway.
	- N: "have you thought about having kids of your own?" 
	- R:   prevaricates, but in a fun and delightful way
	- N: I'm sure you would make a lovely father one day
	- the conversation drifts to discussion about [[Selly Okerra]]
		- N mentions that he's afraid he's going to have to keep a promise he made to her when she was younger (that she can serve as a knight one day)
		- R- has a beautiful moment where he plays a game of "chase me" with [[Pace Kinsey]] 

---

## To be continued ...
