---
title: "Breakfast with the Baron: Oathkeeping & Lady Mona's Body"
date: "2026-04-30"
type: session
description: "Caritas has a sword-spirit conversation with Provenence. The party has breakfast with Baron Okerra about oathkeeping. On the way to Moost, they discover an overturned carriage with Lady Mona Sittus — throat slit, jaw broken, mouth stuffed with gold-painted wooden discs. Arturo theorizes Lady Lucretzia Marthane might be the Nightswan."
session_number: 46
tags: [politics, investigation, plot-twist]
locations: [!!Moost!!, !!New Town!!]
---

evening of the dinner, 

caritas has a scene in his room with Provenence.
- carit is prov's _first_, prov never spoke to anyone to anyone before him
- note/detail:  p didn't speak to carit's father
- carit spends all evening staying up thinking about his future choices

---
# breakfast with the baron
- the nature of oathkeeping - if a man breaks one oath...
- the baron speaks on honor and oaths
- the party chats about misc stuff
- Carit and the baron chat

---
# the party decides to take rafts to moost
- on the way carit and arturo chat about the sword a bit
- a familiar looking white parasail is floating in the water
	- arturo begins digging through his mind palace to connect the dots
	- the barge rounds a bend and we see an overturned carriage and some bodies
	- arturo notices that one of the faces has been deeply gouged, the neck is broken, the bodies were not eaten by wild animals, the damage is from some kind of weapon, not an animal bite or claw. 
		- another body has died of suffocation, bruising around the next and throat
		- the body of [[Lady Mona Sittus]] is tied to a tree.  her white gown is red with blood from the slash across her throat.  her jaw was broken downwards and her mouth was stuffed full of little wooden discs that were painted gold.  There is a pile of black feathers.  
		- Lady Sittus's retinue is slayed, she was tied to a tree, and slain then left here as a message.
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] thinks to check the carriage (nat 1) she's disturbed by the blood
- [[Arturo Basri]] shares a working theory with the group that [[Lady Lucretzia Marthane]] might be the [[Nightswan]].  
- The party respectfully wraps [[Lady Mona Sittus]] 

---


[[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] greets the party as they arrive
- She brings sad tidings for [[Zarissa Nocturne]] of the [[Grand Duke Borund Heskillar]]'s house.  His house is under seige by [[House Nazezi]]  and [[ House Phini ]] which are both flying the banner of [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] 
- she found out this information just a week ago
- [[Zarissa Nocturne]] asks and [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] offers to find out more from her cousin
- No issue of the wilted rose has been published since we were last in moost (a few weeks ago)
- The party delivers the body of [[Lady Mona Sittus]] to [[Dame Parthena Crabbe]] 
- [[Allister Hound]] and [[Arturo Basri]] recommend that she double her guards and be careful ... nobles are dying and the nightswan is active
- Allister checks in on [[Finnegan Salk]] who is unsettled because soldiers came through and asserted that should the call go out and the [[General High Stratagos Maxillar Pythareus]] issues a draft that he is expected to enlist.
- 

---

# The party travels on to New Town

A desperate and miserable assembly of people in a tent city.  The structures are made of timber and canvas. small plots of land have been carved out, but its clear that whatever they scrape out of the earth is going to be meager at best. Livestock is sickly at best.

As we enter the town we hear singing.  A deep baritone voice is singing an operatic song.  

A handsome man in his mid 40's. Black salt and pepper hair, shirtless with wavy hair and bright purple tattered trousers is in the process of skinning a small animal. (and singing as he works).

He shrugs on a matching shirt and welcomes us to new town.  This is [[Baronet Caphridius Vort]].
The party introduces themselves.  The Vort's are an important family that is spread throughout the empire.  He has been here in New Town for 9 years.

We mention that we are on our way to [[Jambus]] and we've been hearing disturbing reports.
The horse sized spiders showed up after "the fire" that happened 9 years ago.  Things had been degenerating before then, but that was the big event.  He went to "Areg Tellus" but he wouldn't let me in, so I took the rest of the people [[Fratter Mosley]] (the Major Domo).  He spent his own coin to on mercenaries to make attempts. Those guys never returned.  [[Ser Gul Guisarne aka evil legolas]] came through and extracted the taxes from new town.  

- arturo offers to investigate Jambus in exchange for Vort putting in a good word when the sale of gold pebble canyon eventually comes up.
- Vort offers to give the party his family's seal as a means of identification in case anyone in Jambus sees it, they will know us.

On a stormy night, The major domo opened the door to 3 old women seeking shelter from the storm.  He turned them away, they knocked again and he summoned the baron who tossed the some coppers and told them to get an inn in town.  Their strength was beyond normal ken.  The said that he should have a form to match his soul.  One of them was described as an old women we might recognize (but nick didn't catch it in time to write this note.)  But then over the coming weeks he began to be ... unwelll.   He became paranoid, started eating insects, etc..  (similar to what [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] is rumored to be going through).  The major domo is loyal to him, the only family he has and has stayed with him.

People are defecting to the begger woods.  "Felsha" claims to be able to claim this barony, she claims to be the last surviving heir of the Rathorn family.  Half elf.  Striking eyes. One is blue one is green.  

[[Arturo Basri]] sees a look of guilt and sadness that this man is leading a group of people and he knows that they are not doing well and he's just struggling to keep them alive.

around a fire pit is a half elf women, scandalously short cut hair( short) bright blue eye, bright green eye.  Beautiful woman, strong cheekbones, delicate features of the elves.  This is [[Felsha]].  

Arturo introduces the party to Feisha.  Asks if Rathon Manor really is haunted.  [[Zarissa Nocturne]] mentions that we're on our way to Jambus and pushes the conversation forward.  Allister, Arturo, and Caritas give them some space.

Feisha is frustrated beyond belief.  She's been unable to speak to the Baron.  She even faught her way to his front door at one point to try and speak to him, and the major domo turned her away.    She got into a bit of trouble two years back when she broke the jaw of someone on a Chelish ship that resulted in an international incident as a result. (she was part of an underground boxing ring or something).  It was such a thing that [[Princess Eutropia Stavian]] had to get involved.    Her mother was so worried as a result that her mother told her about her birthright and the family secret (that she is of house Rathorn). She even broke into the palace of birdsong to speak with [[Count Bartleby Lotheed]] .  For that she was thrown in jail and whipped for 3 months.  She went to see the Nightswan, who was interested in recruiting her ... right up until she found out she had noble blood.  At which point she turned her out.

[[Zarissa Nocturne]] manages to get some details from her:
- she was attacked on the way to Jambus on the road
- she took some bad wounds that quickly became infected
- an old woman / herbalist saved her and brought her to this town

> "grandmother" can't be found unless she wants to be found... don't go looking for her cause you won't find her!

[[Felsha]] agrees to come with [[Zarissa Nocturne]] and the party, if we agree to help her with [[Ralthorn Manor]].  ( Its haunted AF ).

note: If [[Baron Nicolaus Okerra]] gets his way and absorbs this barony, she would be subservient to him, and just be rich.

Kori gives us an info dump on the politics of the situation.
- Fel is heir to the barony if Tellus is dead
- Okerra desires to consume the 


